* *Ticklers*
** TODO [#A] Put comment about emailing CD immediately after the session with comments into faculty guides.
** Consider giving multiple choice self-study questions
*** Bring this up at the course directors meeting on <2019-01-24 Thu>
** DONE [#A] Invite students to lunch
SCHEDULED: <2019-04-08 Mon>
** DONE [#A] Check to make sure Adam will order pizza
** TODO [#A] Organize pizza lunch for 9/27
:PROPERTIES:
:ORDERED:  t
:END:
*** WAITING [#A] Get the M1 student roster to invite to faculty-student lunch
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-13 Fri>
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-09-05 Thu 09:22] \\
  Bug Bob on Monday if you haven't gotten this.  Invites go out Friday.
- State "WAITING"    from "TODO"       [2019-08-28 Wed 09:18] \\
  Emailed Bob.
:END:
*** TODO Invite students and faculty to faculty-student lunch
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-20 Fri>
*** TODO Order pizza for faculty-student lunch
** TODO [#A] Be sure to document things that are generally required and optional at the beginning of the block.
** CANCELED FU Bill about getting discussion board added by default to Entrada
** [[https://journals.lww.com/academicmedicine/pages/default.aspx][Academic Medicine]]
SCHEDULED: <%%(diary-cyclic 7 07 20 2019)>
** [[https://entrada.rush.edu/community/rmd56619farmc:discussion_board?section=view-forum&id=51][Check Discussion Board]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-13 Fri>
** Check to make sure you have rooms on Saturdays and reserve more.
   SCHEDULED: <2019-09-13 Fri>
   :LOGBOOK:
   - Note taken on [2019-08-26 Mon 07:55] \\
     This is done through 9/28
   :END:
   - Note taken on [2019-06-03 Mon 09:50] \\
     You have rooms through the end of August
** DONE Pick up food and get it to the room for student lunch [[message://%3cd5dadda6bb95448aa7b36b67a525c850@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: lunch on June 19]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-19 Wed>

** Schedule student lunch for October
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-27 Fri>
** CANCELED [#A] Talk to Maria about how to get on tag questions
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-18 Thu 06:45] \\
  Recent email says we are 100% done.  I'll take their word for it.
:END:
** CANCELED [#A] Go through quesitons mone more time and make sure everything got tagged.
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-18 Thu 06:46] \\
  Recent email says we are 100% done.  I'll take their word for it.
:END:
** [[message://%3cba7058c6c89b4e7b802a2b6a55815997@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Today’s meeting]]


I will not be in Chicago next week on Thursday or Friday.  Feel free to meet without me.
Bob

** DONE Email the clinican educators and fill them in on how the big room will work.
SCHEDULED: <2019-08-24 Sat>
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from              [2019-08-26 Mon 07:45]
- Note taken on [2019-08-21 Wed 08:22] \\
  Wait until after the meeting Thursday the 22nd.  This may be addressed there.
:END:
** DONE FU:  Princess on slack
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   7B169153-D4B6-4A92-B39E-0293A8FF940F
:ID:       A3F4C235-9D4C-4836-965C-2EDBFD54F178
:END:

** [#A] Get back to Christine [[message://%3c0A95AC6B-9F25-49A6-9B10-22649EFC7E2E@rush.edu%3E][Re: RMD 574 Self-Study Guide 01 Eli Whitney 10-17-2019.pdf]]

** Invite students to faculty student lunch on 9/20 (lunch is on 9/27)
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-13 Fri>
** FU Josefina on Phys Discipline Directorship
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-17 Tue>

* *Meetings*
** Course Director's Meeting <2018-12-20 Thu 12:00-13:00>
Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407
** Sharing Grades with Faculty - Re-examine Current Policy <2019-01-15 10:00-11:00>
Location: Medium Room
** Course Directors Meeting <2019-01-17 Thu 12:00-13:00>
*** Course director meeting notes from 2019-01-18
	[[message://%3c7112B064-8C91-4B9C-803D-A28B632AFADE@rush.edu%3E][notes from course director meeting yesterday (2018-01-17)]]

Thanks everyone for sharing what makes the CD job tough. Here’s what I had written down. Did I represent everything properly below? Are there things we can start working on fixing? I like Adam’s idea of having the study review team work on last year’s materials.

Pick one template and keep it in Google Doc
We should pick one, each has its benefits.
Does anyone have a particular preference for one or the other?
Want me to ask the coordinators which they find is easier?
Or just arbitrarily pick one or use Tom’s Hybrid?
Teach coordinators how to use it within Google Drive instead of Word
This has the downside of not allowing changing between landscape and portrait within a document
All documents would be online for review team to start working on.
What are the barriers to getting things turned in on time?
There is too much work for course directors to do
writing new assessments
Working on four courses at once and writing extra review materials
The deadlines are sent out too late
Would like a list of what’s needed, on what date and to whom to turn it into
Jeffrey may be working on something like this.
The time from when the review is done to when it needs to be posted is too short a time for substantial changes to be made
Most are formatting issues (perhaps review person can fix typos, etc?)
Review team can start with last year’s content to review (so this would need to be sent to them)
Deadlines are not respected by content providers, the course director is not listened to
Other ideas
It would be nice to have an expert review notes, for example Brett (ID) reviews Micro.
** Student lunch <2019-01-18 Fri 12:00-13:00>
*** Notes from Student Lunch 2019-01-18
	[[message://%3c879F8C58-41D1-4249-891B-341A7533EE6E@rush.edu%3E][Student - Faculty Lunch Notes]]
Taken by Anne Carroll

Student Lunch Notes:
STUDENT GUIDES: Take away points. Student handouts. There not in the student guides….
EMBRYOLOGY CONTENT: Some earlier embryology content - even just high level or make it more meaningful. Fertilization etc. etc. The concern they have though is that that pre-mat material is not well internalize because there is no skin in the game.
PRE-MAT MATERIALl - the summer before, it was hard to get access to the materials so wished they were notified in May of the plan. When we got notified of our acceptance, she wished they knew when things started what are the pre-matriculation materials coming out.
Mention it at second look day.
GENETICS: There were a couple of animations where the sound quality is off. Some video in a video. Not a big deal. They haven’t had a lot lately. When she came to class they were super helpful.
ADVOCACY: Questions on formatives… but some self-study questions could be nice.
We could try - but writing questions are hard because the meat of it is in the discussion.
It might have been HDHR… but there was an open response type question and he thinks that would better assess knowledge instead of some random fact.
Hard because you have to read and grade 140+ in one day. There are some automated ways to grade, but it doesn’t work well.
EBM: Would rather have some mini bootcamp… it’s so segmented from medical school and wished
M2: Found it really helpful… It will be on step 1… and if you’re forgetting them she recommends flashcards…. It reinforces expectations about expectations in the 3rd year’s need to read articles.
All at once: that would be a block…. What [Tom] are going to do is setting up one more session where some teaching goes on. And you get some face-to-face time. It won’t make it more relevant. But may help with retaining it.
REQUIRED RESEARCH COURSE: We could implement EBM into that? So like for the research class…. It could have more EBM…. It may be more applicable.
It sounds appropriate. Could discuss.
EBM: M1 Student: How is it structured over the next 2 years (m2-m3). You are going to get more in-person sessions. Videos now and in-person next year.
Bob: They’ve been using this approach for a couple of years. And our students do really well on EBM. Student response: “Oh ok, leave it then” :)
EKG: She really appreciates the last video where Dr. Patwari went through three examples. It was one of the more helpful sessions. She had three or four in the beginning, but they were pretty confusing. Dr. Shaw was pointing in a video, but you couldn’t see where he was pointing. That being said - the video was essential, just a concern about quality.
Pathophys Videos: Really like having those videos. Pulmonary testing.
Dr. Loy - Formatting of powerpoint. It’s hard to parse out - he’s great in person… a a really good clinical instructor…. So just encouraging him to focus on the basics.
VIDEOS: One thing that is distracting - depends on what mic they are using.
Hem Oc: It’s going fine so far… she appreciates how information was included for screening for colon cancer. Maybe just refer back to previous cases in the document to make it more clear
Today’s session: ?
Image based questions:
Histology: Why were they difficult?
Response: The cells look really similar - so hard to discern. It’s difficult to just look at the cell and know while also studying for step.
It was a review to remind them that it was important. The lab was early. Student had a good since in the lab…
Student suggestion… have it with the leukemia case.
Tom’s Prompt:
Last year was pretty compressed. This past month was looser.
Student: What’s changed?
Tom: Vital fluids and gases is still pretty compressed…
MSK: Adam - in that block they got two more days… and almost all of the role sessions are gone from that block so in combination that will make it better. Student sounds glad to hear it.
Hem OC - suggested that it would be earlier. So, flip Heme Oc and Life Cycle.
Bob: we haven’t even got through the whole M2 year.
Renal vs. Cardiovascular
o        Renal block was right after thanksgiving.
o        So maybe… letting us know that we had to study over break? So, they expect you to have Monday after thanksgiving…
** Teaching Faculty Meeting <2019-01-23 Wed 15:00-16:00>
** Course Directors Meeting <2019-02-07 Thu 12:00-13:00>
*** Ask about access to K drive
   [2018-11-27 Tue]
** Review Fall 2019 draft calendar with Bob Leven <2019-02-21 Thu 11:00-12:00>
** AY19 Curriculum Kick-Off Meeting; Location: AAC 985 **https://zoom.us/j/153650743*** <2019-03-01 Fri 10:00-12:00>
*** Mention embryology changes at physiology currculum meeting next week.
   [[message://%3c986c78f0806e45baa26fa41fc4561edb@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Intro to embryology]]
** Physiology Curriculum Meeting for AY19 Launch; Location: OIME, AAC 403, Medium Conference Room <2019-03-06 Wed 14:30-15:30>
** LCME Survey Visit <2019-10-04--2019-10-07>
** 2019-2020 Calendar <2019-04-24 Wed 13:30-14:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   59F1934E-DA33-42B6-B748-57555DFAE249
:ID:       41953264-D25C-45B6-AFC5-2850C966D3EC
:END:
*** DONE Review Bob's calendars
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   B9D8AB61-2B3E-401D-976C-68429650A8F0
:ID:       E3442D5E-B1A9-453E-A93D-557965D61F97
:END:
	[[message://%3cfea1cfacb14d4d7d83d7fb9634842e7a@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Draft 2 of 2019-2020 Calendars]]

1. Tetralogy of Fallot on 10/17 is a double case.  It would be extremely helpful if you coul dmove the final off of Monday into the previous week.
-Moved to Friday
2. I think we can justify putting the EKG workshop on 11/15 but Friday (11/16) would be better after the formative
- Bob will check with Jaime to see if she will move the communicator session wiht it.  Otherwise, no dice.
3. Pre-renal dehydration is a double case.  Putting it the Monday after the midterm on Friday is a disaster waiting to happen.  This session was universally reviled last year as it landed the day after a formative.  I don't know what to do with this session but putting it there is a problem.  Maybe you coud move this sesson to Tuesday and put the midterm on Thursday the week before.
- Bob is checking with Paul to ee if he will move his session to Tuesday.  Bob doesn't want them to come in for an hour but this really needs to be moved.
- Sleep on it and get back to Bob on moving the mid-term.  He doesn't think they'll have enough time to study for it if we move it.
4. Could we get M1 Q&A sessions on 11/12, 11/21 and 12/11?
- Done.  11/12, 11/19, 11/10
5. Thoracic imaging sesson belongs in VF, not VG.
- moved to 12/9.  Tell Adam.
6. Pneumothorax is a double case.  I suppose if the semester really starts on Monday the 6th, this is OK but it would be better on Friday.
- Left this where it was.  Decided there was enough time.
7. ABASE cant be the same day as the acid-base session on 1/24.  I need to be in both.  Its goping to suck but we may have to either put it on Thursday tht 23rd of wait until Tuesday the 28th for ABASE.  Much as I hate to do it, Thursday might be the best of the two evils.
- ABASE moved to Thursday, formative moved to Tuesday.
8. Could we put a Q&A for the formative on Tuesday the 1/21 and Wednesday 1/29?
-  Done.  1/17 and 1/28

Entered on [2019-04-23 Tue 14:41]
**** CANCELED FU Bob on What Jamie said about moving communicator to Friday 11/16
**** CANCELED FU Bob to make sure Paul was OK with the move of his session to Tuesday before Thanksgiving
**** DONE [#A] Show Adam where you moved thoracic imaging (12/9)
** Bob Calendar <2019-04-25 Thu 10-:00-10:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   FB4D9F3C-493D-4C6C-9633-DE0BD73BB2AD
:ID:       584E34AE-1E05-450D-97B4-81BD960A2591
:END:
*** Kidney histology
- Added with Pre-renal dehydration
*** Dump the anatomy review on 12/10
- Done
** [[message://%3c944561760ce246b3b705354ddd3f2c2c@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Meningitis Case Pilot Session with large room ]] <2019-06-07 Fri>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   F931B1E5-7A85-42C6-9287-773E69083C69
:ID:       89164235-C686-4ECD-926D-03BA4AED19C0
:END:

*** Go thorugh the case a little first.
*** When susan first asked if there were any quesitons I hheard some yes's but they were soft and students were too inhibited to ask.
*** PowerPoints?
*** I like the fact that multiple input came in from faculty.
*** Trouble understanding Susan.  Accoustics?
*** Practice with poll everywhere before session
*** Hide the poll anywhere restuls.  If students see it updating it will iinfluence their choice.
*** Lumbar puncture video should have been in the pre-study material
*** Do we want the discipline directors taking the students thorough the activites or the CEs?  What will the CEs do now?  Just chime in when they have a clinical point.  It seems like communication before every session to make sure everyone knows who is doing what well in advance will be important.
*** How will we identify the "lead" CE?  Should the CD just assign them?
*** I think we should ask the clinician educators to circle up the way Scott Heinrich did at the very beginning of the session and spend the first 25 minutes or so going over the case.
** Course Directors Meeting <2019-05-09 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   12BA51DF-9971-4BAD-9841-514EFBCACF2B
:ID:       ED09D0E2-11C3-4B6A-A4BC-9EDFFD07F47C
:END:
*** Spent a lot of time discussing the pre-clerkship standards policy that the I&I subcommittee approved yesterday.  Adam didn't like it but he might be coming around.
** OIME Staff Meeting <2019-05-16 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   E4B04BAA-C0BE-4E88-B76E-D3F632AD9454
:ID:       A692391D-36C2-4D91-8CB5-BF1A71E66430
:END:
*** 144 students in next class
*** 26 of those students are under represented minorities
** Multidicplinary tagging only when you need to know the second discipline to get the answer correct (not if jut in distractors or a minor$
** Weekly Clinician Educator meetings for M1M2 Integrated Curriculum;  Zoom link:  https://zoom.us/j/945561732; Location: AAC Rm. 985 <2019-06-10 Mon 12:00-13:00> :: The CE's thought the session went long.   This was in part because of the those present were chiming in but it was also in part because the neurologists were experts that were teaching beyond what an M1 needs to know.  The suggesiton was that maybe the CEs should teach things like this.  It probalby won't be a problem in other blocks as the "experts" are few and far between right now.
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   EA5F1FEE-621B-43C4-85CB-B5645C017B2F
:ID:       3E1EAC04-1B6B-4E6E-9CCF-8F3E7A9B61AA
:END:

** Meeting about tech in new space; Location AAC 971 <2019-06-19 Wed 11:00-12:00>                                                            
*** Can we record the session? - Yes                                                                                                        
*** Mention apple TVs - Yes.                                                                                                                
    [2019-06-14 Fri 06:16]                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                            
*** Screens                                                                                                                                 
***** Four large screens on the wall                                                                                                        
***** 14 mobile monitors                                                                                                                    
***** They do have airplay                                                                                                                  
*** Mics                                                                                                                                    
***** 6 wireless lavaleres                                                                                                                  
***** Asked for 8 and asked to boundary mics at each table                                                                                  
*** You need software to do a bunch of fancy sharing with the whole room but an iPad out of the box will connect to one station at a time.  
*** You can have them message the instructor from the cart.                                                                                 
*** Web site for documentation: http://www.netsupportschool.com                                                                             
                                                                                                                                            
*** DONE [#A] Ask Bob what kind of technical support we'll have in the room :: Yes.  For the first semester.                                
                                                                            
** Student-Faculty Lunch Location: AAC 950 <2019-06-19 Wed 12:00-13:00>                                                                      
**** There will be histopath reviews before the exam in every block                                                                          
**** Students liked what Scott Heinrich did wwith the group get together in a circle.    

** FW: M1/M2 meeting;Location: Medium Conference Room   <2019-06-19 Wed 9:00-10:00>                                                          
**** 942-8546 for medium conference room                                                                                                     
**** Lot's of Y2Q talk but they aren't buying into moving blocks around                                                                      
**** Beth will be addressing the students abt med school tutors.  She will also be sitting in the sessions.  Hopoing to de-emphasize the     
**** importance of Step 1                                                                           
** Course Director's Meeting; Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407 <2019-06-20 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   6C8538F1-298F-4E11-B21D-B24A3B541E64
:ID:       703E862F-85A4-4C73-98C0-D57882DB8E35
:END:

Faculty guides due before course starts
Formatives and summatives due 3 weeks before assessment
Objectives now posted by week
*** DONE [#A] Check AY19/20 physiology content list for deadlines
*** DONE Ask Princess about syllabus.  I didn't understand it.   :Princess:
*** DONE [#A] They are thinking about using kotobee to collect all documents and convert to epub :: Probably need to convert to Word but it might take LaTeX.  Check this.
** Course Director's Meeting; Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407 <2019-06-27 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   D6F2297E-BF91-450F-A8E9-F9D736E4167F
:ID:       FA13BA9E-ABDF-48C3-B68C-C076D1CF348C
:END:
*** New Micro/Immuno person's name is Paria
**** Taught as a TA
**** She's a talker.  :)
*** CD salaries will now be allocated based upon length of block and other not well-defined effort-based factors.  Probably DD by student workload time, too.

** Course Director's Meeting; Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407 <2019-07-18 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   B2AFCC73-F0FD-4A15-9232-22729604816E
:ID:       EF0FC1AA-53DF-4E3B-AC8A-9C7B3DC48CEB
:END:
*** DONE [#A] Narrative feedback for M2s in Anatomy and Communicator?  Ask Adam.
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   DB402237-22B1-429F-94C0-A292BCABE0A0
:ID:       622BEB0C-CFEF-40C4-B124-2FB1938EBA3B
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "WAITING"    from "TODO"       [2019-08-07 Wed 10:19]
:END:
*** Thinking about requiring students to pass each discipline at the end of the year                                                                    
**** Assessment needs to give us the breakdowns for next year so that we can evaluate the effect on students grades
**** We need to move fast if we want to get this started for 2019-2020.  Bob didn't seem to interested in pushing it ahead that quickly so I doubt it will happen.  Probably 2020-2021.
**** Check in and see how this policy requiring students to pass all of the disciplines over the course of the year.  If its going to happen in 2021, Bob has to move now.
SCHEDULED: <2020-02-14 Fri>

** Course Director's Meeting; Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407 <2019-07-25 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   52007325-6876-493A-8371-D5BCB2354E9F
:ID:       74A23B20-29D9-4ACC-A961-69A74BDD72B5
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-26 Fri 07:52] \\
  We looked at Lecturio.  There was a request for more time to evaluate.
  
  Denise Lyles is leaving.  She's the coordinator for both S&R and VG so very bad news for me.  No plan for replacement yet.
:END:
** TODO M1 Block Admin Meeting <2019-08-08 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   0DFFD531-0E24-484D-82BD-287CF09BE9B0
:ID:       39366560-ECD7-4C28-9669-49288930E607
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-08 Thu 13:15] \\
  Narrative feedback will be done for communicator and anatomy (M2's communicator only).  
  
  Students will not be told they are being evaluated.
  
  This won't affect the grade but can affect a Deans letter
  
  Students will see evaluations and they will have at least on conference with a communicator faculty at east once some time during the year to go over it.
:END:
                                 
** My turn at the Journal Club <2020-03-26 Thu>
*** Send out journal club article
DEADLINE: <2020-03-19 Thu> SCHEDULED: <2020-03-12 Thu>
** Meeting to describe technology in new teaching space. <2019-08-13 Tue 9:00-10:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   9B6C9D6B-FAE8-415E-A199-D67AAF043643
:ID:       44B2E6BC-84DF-437F-9A99-926D938C6576
:END:
*** IT guy's name is Terrance J Lewis.  He encourages email for questions
*** Some things to note:
**** You have to check out tablets from METC
**** Will probalby need at least 1 mic.  This also comes from the METC
**** There is a keyboard and mouse with each cart.
**** You can connect to each cart with you iPad but you can't use airplay (which Only connects to the whole room).  You have to use an alternative (name eacapres me).  You need to install software to do it.
** TODO Course Director's Meeting; Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407 <2019-08-15 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   0178B251-1095-4B57-83A0-40AA1E5261B0
:ID:       28FBA82F-E906-463E-9EE2-FB4C56D22391
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-16 Fri 09:31] \\
  I wasn't happy with how this went.  It turned into a bitch session basically about how we are being cut out of the process when decisions are being made.  I need to take the bull by the horns and talk to Rahul directly about some of this.
:END:
** Tech Training in CLUB (new teaching space) rooms; Location: AAC450 <2019-08-19 Mon 11:30-13:30>
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-21 Wed 08:54] \\
  Adam, Amrjit and I got to mess around a little.  The iPads connect fine thorugh airmedia but ou need to to to a tablet of a wall and set the computer to accept it.
:END:
** Cameo at M1 Orientation; Location: 540 AAC <2019-08-22 Thu 10:15-10:45>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   4E642768-5449-46BA-B0EF-27448F5F9890
:ID:       51182D6F-46AC-4DA3-9FF5-F9016AFCE62B
:END:
** Request - RMC Faculty Dinner and Curriculum Prep meeting; Location: AAC 1096 - https://zoom.us/j/153650743 <2019-08-22 Thu 17:00-18:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   09835B32-966A-4979-8989-6B465519EBB4
:ID:       2C0ADB9D-21F3-45F9-B44E-17EA481ED7E1
:END:
** Course Director's Meeting; Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407 <2019-11-01 Fri 07:32>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   10734585-EB6C-4A51-8C85-7615A148731D
:ID:       CEE56239-925C-4E16-9CBC-A2A3152D98F0
:END:
*** [[message://%3c1b3cf48d9e8f41388187b701ba66a4ff@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Discussion points for CD meeting tomorrow]]


Dear All,

I’m observing the case session (on blood type) in the new space and have made a few observations that would be worth some discussion as a group:

-          No one (i.e., CEs nor students) currently know how to reach a DD for help. Given the maze of the room configuration and the inability to see across the room, an electronic solution (like Slack) seems to be the only feasible solution. We should reach consensus on this and active a plan as soon as possible
-          Many on the small groups are now larger at 6 students per table instead of 4 due to table size and availability.
-          Regarding the room being a “maze” to get through…we should plan a better configuration including where tables, chairs, and dividers not in use should be placed. The placement of furniture seems a bit haphazard making it hard to get around right now.
-          Hearing the CEs is still very challenging, especially if you’re a student at a table furthest from the CE. I sat in as part of a group and could not hear questions students were posing. Student frustration regarding this must be high. This does not make for a good learning environment. Tables that can’t hear are completely checked out.

Adam
**** Need to decide what to do if a CE doesn't show up.
**** Slack update - Microsoft teams?
**** iPads for faculty?
*** Notes from session
**** Lots of reluctance about adding more echnology.  Email Princess and put the brakes on Teams
**** Spread the students out amongst all the the tables individually if a CE doesn't show.
**** Triangle or U-shaped table arrangement with CEs in the center to better allow students to hear them.
*** Need to discuss review form
** Course Director's Meeting; Location: OMSP 403B~ Large Conference room 407 <2019-09-05 Thu 12:00-13:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   051AA993-6CA2-4009-9066-F3019FE11507
:ID:       98158227-5D57-4896-BC61-36CE616492D8
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-09-07 Sat 10:17] \\
  Bob wasn't there so it turned into a typical bitch session.
:END:
* *Notes*
** [[message://%3c1CDD440C-296F-4754-8B5D-2BE5D8FB626A@rush.edu%3E][Formative Review policy]]
** [[message://%3cE1B6B801-934D-4B87-8CB8-9E94D7868073@rush.edu%3E][Summative Review Policy]]
** Advice for Students
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   73FE8192-7FF9-4439-B9EC-33E5762025F4
:ID:       72CAC11E-9271-4AC0-8552-0E8259D4039F
:END:
*** What disciplines did you struggle in?
*** Old exam questions
*** self-study questions
*** objectives
*** look for questions in the notes/write a stem
*** study in groups
*** where do you study?  Distraction-free?
*** write your questions down and don't wait to ask.  Assuming you have been through the material, the answer is unlikely to just come to you.
** Connie’s Pizza
2373 S. Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL, 60616
Get Directions
Phone
(312) CONNIES
(312) 326-3443

My suggested order:

2 large deep veggie
2 large deep meat lovers
1 large deep pepperoni and mushroom
35 cans of a variety of soda
8 bottled waters
** [[http://www.pathophys.org][McMaster Pathophysiology]] - this had the explanaiotn for HTN in AKI (its volume overload due to decreased GFR).  It could be a good resource.
   [2018-12-10 Mon]
** [[https://www.labnol.org/internet/add-files-multiple-drive-folders/28715/][Article on how to add google docs to multiple folders.]]  The shortcut key is shft-z
   [2018-12-13 Thu]
** [[message://%3cc657557ed90741e985f72c8dc0f167d5@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Consider Bob's Proposal]]
   [2018-12-19 Wed]
** [[message://%3c117360AF-D0FC-4D67-969B-17E266136381@rush.edu%3E][Assessment Protocols]]
** [[message://%3c1547152402378.29289@rush.edu%3E][M1 (2018-2019) Osmosis student is Laura Owczarzak]]
** [[message://%3c19D81327-BEC8-4B9E-8869-5577F42C97DF@rush.edu%3E]["You Said, We Did" Newsletter & New Facilitator Dashboard]]
** ON RADAR Flex learning models
	[[message://%3c8C8472C5-AC14-4348-8158-DB24A53EF55E@gmail.com%3E][Flex learning models]]
This is worth probably reading.
** [[http://rahulpatwari.org/index.php?title=RMC_Objectives][RMC Objectives]]
   [2018-11-29 Thu]
** ScholarRx/RUSH Info
	[[message://%3cDM5PR1201MB2521FF6FD929CE7E1844C354F0910@DM5PR1201MB2521.namprd12.prod.outlook.com%3E][ScholarRx/RUSH Discussion (Thursday, January 31)]]
** [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MXuuOdefHQxd3Qz2vCUEuPzmHa0-agYl0lmDRhXjJ_k/edit][Normal Ranges for Test Results - Google Docs]]
** Plan for embryology and maybe genetics
	[[message://%3cFBC2B30A-BB0B-4342-A475-CF1FF856E5CE@rush.edu%3E][Re: Intro to embryology]]
 Something that you are probably aware of is that students would like to have a general overview of embryology early on.  I spoke with Tom about this and he agrees that it would be helpful if before talking about heart development there was a more general introduction.  We both felt that a fairly superficial introduction that covered the most basic details from fertilization probably up through gastrulation, germ layer formation, neural tube and maybe branchial arch and somite formation could be done without an excessive amount of time commitment by the students with the clear understanding that with then now additional time in the Sexuality and Reproduction block that we could revisit early embryology in greater detail again in the second year.  We were thinking of including it in the self study material for the Tet case.  I would appreciate your perspective on this.
** "Ideal" Physiology Order - was not needed and was never completed
 [hide]
***
1	01. Describe the fundamental concepts of Physiology (CO-0118)
**** 1.1	01. Transport (TO-0751)
1.2	02. The Movement of Ions and the Cell Membrane Resting Potential (TO-0752)
1.3	03. Fluids and Electrolytes 1 (TO-1273)
1.5	05. Epithelial Transport (TO-1263)
*** 2	02. Apply the concepts of Cardiovascular Physiology (CO-0119)
**** Introduction to the Cardiovascular System and the Heart Part 1
**** Introduction to the Cardiovascular System and the Heart Part 2
**** Introduction to the Cardiovascular System and the Heart Part 3
**** THE STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION OF THE CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEM
**** CARDIAC MUSCLE PHYSIOLOGY
**** Smooth Muscle Physiology
**** The Physiology of the Autonomic Nervous System
**** THE MOVEMENT OF IONS AND THE CELL MEMBRANE RESTING POTENTIAL
**** ACTION POTENTIAL GENERATION AND PROPAGATION IN NERVE AND SKELETAL MUSCLE
**** The Cardiac Action Potential
**** Introduction to Arrythmias and the Mechanism of Action of Anti-arrhythmic Drugs
**** THE HEART AS A PUMP
**** Hemodynamics
**** INTERACTION BETWEEN THE HEART AND THE CIRCULATION
**** REGIONAL CIRCULATIONS
**** REGULATION OF ARTERIAL PRESSURE AND CARDIOVASCULAR RE- FLEXES
*** 5	05. Apply the concepts of Renal Physiology (CO-0122)
**** Basic Renal Structures and Functions
**** Renal Blood Flow Filtration and Clearance
**** BASIC TRANSPORT MECHANISMS AND RENAL HANDLING OF ORGANIC SOLUTES
**** Renal Handling of Na Cl and H2O
**** Control of Na and H2O Excretion
**** Renal Handling of Potassium Calcium and Phosphate
**** Renal Handling of Acid-Base
*** 4	04. Apply the concepts of Respiratory Physiology (CO-0121)
**** 01. Introduction to the Respiratory System (TO-0787)
**** 02. Respiratory Mechanics (TO-0788)
**** 03. Gas Exchange (TO-0789)
**** 4.4	04. Ventilation and Gas Exchange (TO-0790)
**** 4.5	05. Reflexes & Regulation (TO-0791)
**** 4.6	06. Blood Gas Transport (TO-1279)
**** 4.7	07. Pulmonary Circulation, Ventilation/Perfusion Balance (TO-1280)
**** 4.8	08. Control of Respiration (TO-1281)
**** 4.9	09. Pulmonary Physiology (TO-1282)
*** 3	03. Apply the concepts of Gastrointestinal Physiology (CO-0120)
**** 3.1	01. Gastrointestinal Function and Regulation (TO-0792)
**** 3.2	02. Motility (TO-0793)
**** 3.3	03. Secretion (TO-0794)
**** 3.4	04. Absorption (TO-0795)
**** 3.5	05. Liver (TO-0796)
**** 3.6	07. Biliary System and Gallstones (TO-0798)
**** 3.7	08. Pancreas (TO-0799)
*** 6	06. Apply the concepts of Musculoskeletal Physiology (CO-0123)
**** 6.3	03. Synapses (TO-0824)
**** 6.6	06. Skeletal Muscle Physiology (TO-0827)
**** 7	07. Apply the concepts of Endocrine Physiology (CO-0124)
*** Apply the concepts of Calcium Homeostasis Physiology
**** 7.5	05. The Physiology of Bone (TO-0839)
**** 7.6	06. Calcium and Phosphate Regulation (TO-0843)
7.1	01. Metabolism Controlling Hormones (TO-1283)
7.2	02. Hormonal Control of Blood Glucose (TO-1284)
7.3	03. Hormones of Growth, Development & Metabolism (TO-1285)
7.4	04. Diabetes Mellitus (TO-1236)

8	08. Apply the concepts of Reproductive Physiology (CO-0125)
8.1	01. Overview of Reproductive Physiology 1 (TO-0800)
8.2	02. Overview of Reproductive Physiology 2 (TO-0801)
8.3	03. Male Reproductive Physiology (TO-0802)
8.4	04. Female Reproductive Physiology (TO-0803)
8.5	05. Pregnancy (TO-0804)
8.6	06. Physiology of Growth and Development (TO-0805)
9	09. Apply the concepts of Fetal Physiology (CO-0126)
9.1	01. Women’s Health: Ex-Utero Fetal Physiology (TO-0828)
9.2	02. Pregnancy (TO-XXXX)
9.3	XX. Women's Health: Antenatal Surveillance of Fetal Physiology and Alterations (TO-0829)
9.4	XX. Women's Health: Abnormal Pregnancy (TO-XXXX)
10	10. Apply the concepts of Acid Base Physiology (CO-0127)
10.1	01. General Acid Base Balance (TO-0830)
10.2	02. Buffering Response to an Acid Base Imbalance (TO-0831)
10.3	03. Compensatory Responses to an Acid Base Imbalance (TO-0832)
11	11. Apply the concepts of Temperature Regulation Physiology (CO-0128)
11.1	01. Core temperature (TO-0833)
11.2	02. Heat exchange at the skin (TO-0834)
11.3	03. Central control of temperature (TO-0835)
****
** [[https://rushuportal.learning.rush.edu/OIRAA/Pages/default.aspx?RootFolder=%2FOIRAA%2FDocuments%2FHLC%20Visit%20March%202019&FolderCTID=0x012000E8A32E6DCA121545BB8E2E1AC27BD676&View=%7b01DF83B8-2A45-4A61-935F-95541FCBBE73%7d][Links to documents for HLC prep]]
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Word/Revised Letterhead 2019-03-14.doc][Revised Letterhead 2019-03-14.doc]]
** Master Physio Folder Objectives
https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=14QHSDel6YQKm-YecgoWbCGGkjmC4MK5L
** Master Physio Objective Sheet
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wk7JUXKr8UVm84_zQHG8UF0o-6zKSADz2CEil-4lCFM/edit?usp=drivesdk
** Room Scheduling Link
	[[message://%3c50924b10dfcf45fca1bff4690d71bdbe@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][FW: Ad Astra Room Scheduling Is Back Online]]
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Excel/M1M2 Spring and Summer 2020 Draft 2019-04-02.xlsx][M1M2 Spring and Summer 2020 Draft 2019-04-02.xlsx]]
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Excel/M1M2 Fall 2019 Draft 2019-04-02.xlsx][M1M2 Fall 2019 Draft 2019-04-02.xlsx]]
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fFYdEC57xJLCBtvl0IBd-4QUzY1D_HC9ERtOteeirNI/edit#gid=0][19/20_Topic Change Requests - Google Sheets]]
** [[message://%3cce3c08b5063f463c897e8cf250bedc30@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Preliminary calendar]]
** [[/Users/tshanno/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~Preview/Documents/812_bench_Y2Q_2018 Secon Year Questionaire supplement.pdf][812_bench_Y2Q_2018 Secon Year Questionaire supplement.pdf]]
** [[/Users/tshanno/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~Preview/Documents/812_Y2Q_2018 second year questionsaire 2019-05-03.pdf ][812_Y2Q_2018 second year questionsaire 2019-05-03.pdf]]
** [[/Users/tshanno/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled By Folder/LaTeX/Miscellaneous/Instructions for Evaluating Workload/Procedure for Evaluating Workload 2019-05-03.docx][Procedure for Evaluating Workload 2019-05-03.docx]]
   :PROPERTIES:
   :SYNCID:   4573C6DE-9EAF-4703-BFF9-152548EF4FB9
   :ID:       5A3BD658-5236-4134-B18E-8A09359AEF06
   :END:
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Excel/M1M2 Spring and Summer 2020 Draft 4 5-1-19.xlsx][M1M2 Spring and Summer 2020 Draft 4 5-1-19.xlsx]]
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Excel/M1M2 Fall 2019 Draft 5 5-3-19.xlsx][M1M2 Fall 2019 Draft 5 5-3-19.xlsx]]
** Meningitis procedure

Per Bob’s email (below) we are charged with combining small groups into one large space as an experiment of what the new space on the fifth floor might feel like.

We need to discuss how we are going to execute the meningitis case with all four groups at the same time.

Major disciplines: Microbiology, Pharmacology, Pathology, and Neuroscience/Neurology.
Other disciplines invited as spectators/feedback/FYI.

Activity Design Team is also included if they wish to attend and clinical educators assigned for this session are included if they would like to attend.

Faculty Guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wEJ9fycsuc5FHTwfFHI6ABod2HsWnutGXKCfuJcNKKA/edit?usp=sharing

Bob’s email from 5/9
One of the approaches being considered for class sessions next year is to use the new teaching space to have class sessions with the entire class together at one time.  The new space can maximally hold 200, so it should be able to seat our 144 class size without much trouble.  That being said, this would obviously  be a very different environment than what everyone is used to.  Instead of 3- 4 tables in a room we would have 24-30 tables in the room with multiple Clinician Educators assigned to a certain group of tables.  This approach would offer both challenges and opportunities.   So please share what you think would be the challenges and opportunities.  Second, recognizing that some of the Roles topics may not be appropriate to address in this type of setting, we may wish to continue to teach those sessions in smaller groups like we do now.  Therefore if anyone would like to identify topics that they believe fall into this category to please let us know.
** [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cVDrWUZwKGn9KrsxQDL1t2PK1KWzKnBYwHsxSRAtXo4/edit][Blueprints - Student Version - Google Docs]] :: To post discipline and roles specific percentages on exams for students.
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~Preview/Documents/M1 MarioGomez BSCI-RMD 565.pdf][Session Reviews for the session in the big room]] :: There is a seperate special review that isnt' available yet.
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yf1fgAhLfUL_AmuRrDMH75ea_QtBVJkfkIrAdfBG3vQ/edit#gid=0][AY19/20 Physiology Content List - Google Sheets]] :: This sheet has the due dates for all of the material.  Vital FLuids due 8/8!
** [[http://support.kotobee.com/en/support/solutions/articles/8000070293-import-a-pdf-with-editable-content][Import a PDF with Editable Content : Kotobee]]

** [[http://support.kotobee.com/en/support/solutions/articles/8000024599-import-a-pdf-file-in-mac-os][Importing PDF for Mac users : Kotobee]]

** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eOZgZ-3IojbfWlrGpHaWtO0aMLZ3IA2mTANLIuSeOvg/edit#gid=0][00 - RMC AY19/20 Google Content Outlines - Google Sheets]] :: Links to all disciplines
** [[https://airtable.com/shrqOrzFJW5IUMyz4/tbljDpPhbpJ40IDlK?blocks=hide][Airtable - RMC CI- Faculty View]] :: This is not the current version
** [[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i4Lh-fv9YPo1WG_s8ub6T6nOecHm1kXf/view?ts=5d040e84][M1M2 2019-2020 6-7-19 Bob Version.xlsx - Google Drive]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   4D39AFCF-7BEB-4299-87BB-E53CEF086F2F
:ID:       C8F41BDC-24F8-4AB4-8E5C-9F7A13824020
:END:

** Workload Assessment stuff [[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rUMvRMLissK-_5XMw3_uDe-ElNwr7h2i][18/19 Workload Assessment - Google Drive]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   6D313489-E8DB-4821-8BDA-2A6D25FD7CDC
:ID:       2B951202-7A11-49F3-AC02-7A501E1E7553
:END:
** [[message://%3c4122654d37224a3a90e0ffc155545a1b@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Canvas Use]] :: Course Arc username and password but probably isn't consistent with terms of the license...
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   581633CA-3333-40CE-AD09-72D50510A2AD
:ID:       EAB6A5CB-E216-4E18-8977-320D0F662500
:END:

We do not have a license for Canvas. I am using the Free for Teacher version. You can sign up for it if you would like to test it out… https://www.instructure.com/canvas/try-canvas. You can add students to your course in Canvas and it won’t disappear.
 
I do want to note that the content for the summer self study guides is in a learning management system tool called CourseArc. This is where we placed all the self study material and created some interactive learning elements for the content.  CTEI has a license for CourseArc, however, it’s limited to the users in our department. We do have a general CTEI account that you are welcome to log in with…
https://rush.coursearc.com
CTEI@rush.edu – CTEI1234!
 
Students are not able to be added to CourseArc. If you would like for them to do the activities you create in CourseArc, you would need to add a link to the CourseArc course that you created within your Blackboard course OR create a free Canvas course for students to access the material in CourseArc. My suggestion is to use Blackboard since this is the learning management system Rush currently uses and the registrar’s office creates the course and enrolls students. You can easily embed a link to your CourseArc course in Blackboard.  You wouldn’t need to enroll any students as you will for Canvas. Also, if you link CourseArc to Blackboard, any graded activities you create in CourseArc will integrate into the Blackboard Grade Center.
 
If you need any help with this or have any questions, please let me know and I would be more than happy to help. 
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QJsELxU6JDczacguMrNoYrOYd7qAnA5mICM1_WJRCcM/edit?usp=sharing][Activity Design Team Assignments to M2 Cases 2018-2019]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   1CE30209-09D0-4D4C-BC1E-978C048F8753
:ID:       584CBA72-5999-486C-8ACC-2160BDD5221D
:END:
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_VMfu7Fnq4PhGPqMDAKH7mbvZbPvaLps3IijSZTclQE/edit?usp=sharing][Activity Design Team Assignments to M1 Cases 2018-2019]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   09F400CB-2136-4F0E-9248-52629D085F6B
:ID:       D97A5C8B-52B1-45F1-967B-1CDB9918D5B7
:END:
** [[message://%3c1564076124514.47516@rush.edu%3E][Fw: Lecturio Follow Up]]

** [[message://%3c0763E799-6332-4728-AE7D-A16F8B0A124E@rush.edu%3E][RMC: Deadlines for materials in 19/20]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   B17E8A89-ABBD-43F1-946B-81DC2B57334B
:ID:       A06305B0-BC50-4B2B-9A48-98CDFACE9997
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-26 Fri 08:13] \\
  Deadlines for Vital Fluids added to calendar.
:END:
*** Add deadlines for Vital Gases to your calendar (they are in November).
SCHEDULED: <2019-10-01 Tue>
** Phone number for conference room 942-8544
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i4Lh-fv9YPo1WG_s8ub6T6nOecHm1kXf/edit#gid=161600452][M1M2 2019-2020 6-7-19 Bob Version.xlsx - Google Sheets]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   90CB7324-4B1A-453F-98A5-F5476D2BE2C1
:ID:       641DB528-19D8-48FE-97CF-005B0E075C70
:END:

** How to use Keynote to add text overlays in your iMovie projects
https://www.macworld.com/article/3411925/how-to-use-keynote-to-add-text-overlays-in-your-imovie-projects.html#tk.rss_all
** [[message://%3c9f033099c79d40c081f69590f6efdcd3@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Med Ed Research Group]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   C1B7CAE3-CD06-4192-9C7E-D8003C96B63A
:ID:       AB557166-1D79-4554-AC6F-E3617BD89B66
:END:


Schedule for Academic Year 2019-2020:
Meeting Date	Presenter	Topic title
August 22, 2019	Adam Wilson	A review of US Medical School’s Promotion Standards for Excellence in Education
September 26, 2019	Bob Leven	Journal Article – TBA
October 24, 2019	Gabby Cs-Szabo	Journal Article – TBA
November 21, 2019	Mark Grichanik	Dissertation research or other
December 19, 2019	Princess Currence	Dissertation research or other
January 23, 2019	Kathryn Solka	Journal Article – TBA
February 27, 2019	Jay Behel	Journal Article – TBA
March 26, 2019	Tom Shannon	Journal Article – TBA
April 23, 2019	Jamie Cvengros	Journal Article or ongoing research – TBA
May 28, 2019	Kristin Al-Ghoul	Journal Article – TBA
June 25, 2019	Beth Baker	Journal Article – TBA
July 23, 2019	Anne Carroll	Dissertation research or other
 
If a journal club article is being presented, it should be shared with the group 1 week in advance.
** Laura Owczarzak is the student doing Osmosis for the class of 2022 [[message://%3c1565362895853.28583@rush.edu%3E][Reproductive]]


Hi Dr. Shannon, 

I just wanted to let you know that I'll be in charge of uploading course documents to Osmosis again for the upcoming Reproductive block. If students have any issues with Osmosis, you can send them my way. 

Hope you're enjoying your summer!

See you in a few weeks,

Laura Owczarzak

** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fvANoEDAdWRJYfdzHZ1bCIzIQqK8Ag1vIRdWQL7_uPU/edit#gid=1754225448][19/20 Curriculum Maps (Schedule of Topics by Block) - Google Sheets]] [2019-08-12 Mon]
** Link to BCS on Entrada [[message://%3cC10E50CD-8200-4C81-AC4C-28891240ABFA@rush.edu%3E][Re: BCS shell created in Entrada]]

** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fvANoEDAdWRJYfdzHZ1bCIzIQqK8Ag1vIRdWQL7_uPU/edit#gid=1754225448][19/20 Curriculum Maps (Schedule of Topics by Block) - Google Sheets]]
** [[https://rushedu-auvic.formstack.com/forms/active_learning_training_registration][Active Learning Training Registration - Formstack]]
** IT guy's name is Terrance J Lewis.  He encourages email for questions
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hcboK2i-BaiAQ-X5dT5atribwcXZdlo_eWlQuAT5z70/edit#gid=1556858314][AY19/20 Calendars_Official View Version - Google Sheets]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   311BBAF1-6EDB-4806-AD29-AE352BDCC55D
:ID:       CAE2B8E2-ADE4-42A1-A3A6-F175A7B7C667
:END:
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x7n8pP0Nc2_b5jYsSqV92Zj1n83jLTjClBpqNhj5zPo/edit?ts=5d5c1e61#gid=2127619499][2019-2020 M1 & M2 Clinician Educator Sign-Up Sheet - Google Sheets]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   CEBD5275-301F-4A13-9412-08E2F6341260
:ID:       3B9F2659-1E21-4EED-92DD-2AD46CF4C15E
:END:

** Looks like I have the room for the core disciplines meetings on Wednesday now indefinitely.
** How to use conference call feature on phones [[message://%3cD3299161-139E-465C-A54C-B5618FA4FFF1@rush.edu%3E][Re: Conference call today]]


Hi Tom,
The OMSP conference call feature works really well. If everyone calls this number, (877) 978-5853 , ID 11134# and then you do as well from the conference room phone, the audio is of much better quality. People can then use appear.in and mute as you suggest.
Thanks, K

** [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cVDrWUZwKGn9KrsxQDL1t2PK1KWzKnBYwHsxSRAtXo4/edit][Blueprints - Student Version - Google Docs]]
** [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cVDrWUZwKGn9KrsxQDL1t2PK1KWzKnBYwHsxSRAtXo4/edit][Blueprints - Student Version - Google Docs]]

** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x7n8pP0Nc2_b5jYsSqV92Zj1n83jLTjClBpqNhj5zPo/edit#gid=2127619499][2019-2020 M1 & M2 Clinician Educator Sign-Up Sheet - Google Sheets]]
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Word/M1 2019 Emails.docx][M1 2019 Emails.docx]]
** [[~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Word/M1 2019 Lunch List.docx][M1 2019 Lunch List.docx]]

* *Tasks*
** DONE [#A] Finish the list of things to do as a CD
   [2018-12-17 Mon]
   [[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Emacs/Org/notes/Notes%20on%20what%20helps%20as%20a%20course%20director.org::*Use%20the%20discussion%20board][Document in progress]]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c461c5f8572b310f0c29e354cecb74a73@_%3E][Turn in Pathoma receipt to John]]
   [2018-12-21 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Send invites to M1M2 Faculty Student Lunch (lunch is on January 18 in 1046)
** DONE Order pizza on Wednesday
   SCHEDULED: <2019-01-16 Wed 10:30>
** DONE Send Anne an example of faculty review for student evaluations.
** DONE See if you can get the IPE onto the schedule or something
	[[message://%3c7C1C2A9D-8CE3-49CF-B2CC-657A128B1598@rush.edu%3E][Re: EMB Review]]
** DONE [#A] Submit something about EBm for the newsletter
	[[message://%3c81F307F9-0E2B-4F99-93BB-D6B6293B86C8@rush.edu%3E][Re: Jan 27th: Submission Deadline for You Said, We Did Newsletter]]
** DONE [#A] FU Rahul on EBM for newsletter.
If he deosn't respond, just submit something yourself.
	[[message://%3c64E88ECB-36F4-4C1E-8A2A-0A17468DF79E@rush.edu%3E][Re: Jan 27th: Submission Deadline for You Said, We Did Newsletter]]
** DONE [#A] FU lunch date
	[[message://%3cE98CD462-3165-4719-8B1C-6432C8DBC1C8@rush.edu%3E][Lunch date?]]
** DONE FU Gabriella and Maureen about lunch
** DONE [#A] Invite students to lunch
** DONE Speak to Maureen about pizza
** DONE [#A] Invite students
** DONE [[https://www.aamc.org/meetings][CGEA March 27-29 Meetings - AAMC]]
** DONE [#A] Print off Bob's preliminary all calendar
	[[message://%3c717d949f7e234db5b8f90900dded38af@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][First draft of fall]]
** DONE [#A] Talk to Bob about schedule
	[[message://%3c195F4467-C92A-4781-BE61-B494D16D0D56@rush.edu%3E][Re: First draft of fall]]
** DONE [#A] Review the stuff that Rahul sent
** DONE [#A] arrange March pizza
** DONE [#A] [[https://rmc-integrated.slack.com/archives/D87Q3HWUC/p1551390262000200][Talk to Maria]]
	https://rmc-integrated.slack.com/archives/D87Q3HWUC/p1551390262000200
** DONE [#A] Send out invitation for March 13 lunch
** DONE Send pizza info to Gabriella
** DONE [#A] Post student comment about content not addressing all of the activities in the Faculty Guide to Slack
** DONE Send CD protocol file to Rahul with comments and corrections from Marueen and Adam
	[[message://%3cAC90BA01-C06E-4A1B-A3D4-F4A870A10C1A@rush.edu%3E][Recommendations for Course Directors]]
** DONE [#A] Collect topics from this sheet, make a rainbow sheet and email discipline directors [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fFYdEC57xJLCBtvl0IBd-4QUzY1D_HC9ERtOteeirNI/edit#gid=0][19/20_Topic Change Requests - Google Sheets]]
** DONE [#A] Look at Bob's prepliniary calendars
	[[message://%3cc83a34fc6bca4f11a35a0b86263fee81@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Draft Calendar 2019-2020]]
*** Fall
**** Syed won't be able to make the debrief on 9/5.  He has clinic on Thursdays.  He needs to be there.
**** We promised mid-block EBM sessions to the students.  I may be missing them but I don't see them.
**** I don't see a formative in S&R.  Should there be one?
**** Can we clear Thursdays after the formative 9/19
**** Are we actually going to give them 2 weeks to study for the S&R final exam.
**** Tetralogy of Fallot on 10/17 is a double case.  It would be extremely helpful if you coul dmove the final off of Monday into the previous week.
**** I think we can justify putting the EKG workshop on 11/15 but Friday (11/16) would be better after the formative
**** Pre-renal dehydration is a double case.  Putting it the Monday after the midterm on Friday is a disaster waiting to happen.  This session was universally reviled last year as it landed the day after a formative.  I don't know what to do with this session but putting it there is a problem.  Maybe you coud move this sesson to Tuesday and put the midterm on Thursday the week before.
**** Could we get M1 Q&A sessions on 11/12, 11/21 and 12/11?
*** Spring
**** Pneumothorax is a double case.  I suppose if the semester really starts on Monday the 6th, this is OK but it would be better on Friday.
**** ABASE cant be the same day as the acid-base session on 1/24.  I need to be in both.  Its goping to suck but we may have to either put it on Thursday tht 23rd of wait until Tuesday teh 28th for ABASE.  Much as I hate to do it, Thursday might be the best of the two evils.
**** Could we put a Q&A for the formative on Tuesday the 1/21 and Wednesday 1/29?
** DONE [#A] Reserve room for student lunch
	[[message://%3cb0feb6dc329d4492a8e0978123997820@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Luncheon]]
** DONE [#A] Talk to Beth about P&P changes
	[[message://%3ce5041690e6bb47fb90f996deb5111465@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][FW: Vote: Amendments to Medical College Policies and Procedures]]
*** Amendment had to do with some problem in clinical departments like radiation oncology.   I voted "yes" on it.
**** During the sicussion the possibility of an education dept came up.  Bet is in favor of it and even did some paper work but the administration is sending mixed messages.
** DONE [#A] Look at Bob's prepliniary calendars
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:       399DDF84-27B1-4D1C-A9EE-398A000526A1
:ID:       655F0631-26D4-44CA-936C-8E722434D3E4
:END:
	[[message://%3cc83a34fc6bca4f11a35a0b86263fee81@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Draft Calendar 2019-2020]]
*** Fall
**** Syed won't be able to make the debrief on 9/5.  He has clinic on Thursdays.  He needs to be there.
**** We promised mid-block EBM sessions to the students.  I may be missing them but I don't see them.
**** I don't see a formative in S&R.  Should there be one?
**** Can we clear Thursdays after the formative 9/19
**** Are we actually going to give them 2 weeks to study for the S&R final exam.
**** Tetralogy of Fallot on 10/17 is a double case.  It would be extremely helpful if you coul dmove the final off of Monday into the previous week.
**** I think we can justify putting the EKG workshop on 11/15 but Friday (11/16) would be better after the formative
**** Pre-renal dehydration is a double case.  Putting it the Monday after the midterm on Friday is a disaster waiting to happen.  This session was universally reviled last year as it landed the day after a formative.  I don't know what to do with this session but putting it there is a problem.  Maybe you coud move this sesson to Tuesday and put the midterm on Thursday the week before.
** DONE [#A] Look at latest version of calendars
	[[message://%3c4b95250cbada474c96b9e16681934f70@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Draft 2019-2020 M1M2 Calendar]]
*** Thoracic imaging hasn't been moved.  We were going to put this on 11/14 or, if Jamime agreed to move Communicator, 11/15.
*** Congenital Heart Anomalies on 10/22 with the Leader session
** DONE Take a look at CD responsibilities
	[[message://%3c215709754e1a472eac3534af8664f880@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: link to Working Draft of CD Responsibilities List]]
** DONE [#A] Organize pizza lunch
** DONE [#A] Email coordinators and explain lunches
** CANCELED Get objectives to princess for computer programs
Decided to call these review sessions
** DONE [#A] Read over Maria's instructions
	[[message://%3c0B93A783-1635-4057-BF18-EF312A37B682@rush.edu%3E][Tagging Topics - Help with Instructions ]]
*** There was no S&R in 2017-2018
** DONE Arrange for student lunch
** DONE Sen Dijana Resources and Strategies for VF and VG
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   378A4969-43B5-4462-8C49-C33BD4C6EC2F
:ID:       C09AE025-AFDF-4748-BA3A-1237166046D9
:END:
*** [[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GNgad9WuAIKydY7BJ_t9999g_KKhuS0X/view][Study Skills_Demirovic.pptx - Google Drive]]
*** [[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jZB9wx3qVEqcfA51eg79PGAsKb6VwgaJv8bkOQ9nNno/edit#slide=id.p23][Google Doc for the PowerPoint Slides]]
*** Vital Fluids and Vital Gases
**** Strategies
***** These blocks are very heavy in physiology, pathophysiology and and pathology.
***** Physiology:  The key is to study the old exam questions which will be distributed before each assessment.  These are actual questions that we have used in the past.  We do not test on trivia.  There are only so many topics you can ask about and there are only so many ways to ask about them.  Going through these questions can be worthwile.
***** When studying old exam questions, do not simply look at the correct anser and move on.  If you missed the question, review the material associated with ti to make sure you thoroughly understand it.
***** Use the physiology notes.  They are meant to be complete.  Even if you choose to watch the videos (the content is the same) use the notes for reference and to look up answers.  Use the recommended textbooks only if you are having trouble or are seeking a deeper understanding of the material.
***** Pathophysiology and Pathology:  Half of the battle is trying to make the diagnosis based upon the stem.  As you study, look for unique characteristics for each disease that will distinguish it from the others.  Make note of these.  Consider writing your own stems for each one.
***** Pathology:  Look for unique terms used to describe specific diseases.  For instance, the liver of a patient with congestive heart failure isn't just a light brown.  Its "nutmeg colored".  Pathologists are very good at soming up with these unique terms and they use them both on our exams and on Step 1.
***** Use the objectives.  Thoguh I wouldn't rerecommend it unless you have time, some students actually write out answers to these while studying for assessments.
***** Consider studying in groups.  This can be particularly helpful as you approach exam time when you have already gone through the material once.
***** Find a distraction-free environment to study in.  Though its less comfortable, sometimes studying at Rush rather than at home can help you concentrate.
***** Write your questions down and don't wait to ask them.  If you don't understand something, stop the instructor either during or after class and get your question answered.  Time is unlikely to answer it for you and the answer will be more clear while the class discussion is still in your head.  Some instructors come to class early to answer questions from the self-study.  Take advantage of this time.
***** Seek help early.  Take advatage of office hours and otherwise meet with your insructors frequently if necessary.  We are here to help.  In fact, its our job to help.  There are few things worse than seeing a student who didn't do well and didn't take advantage of an instructor's willingness to help.
**** Resources (I don't have as much to say here)
***** The physiology textbook is very good for the cardiovascular material in RMD 574.  This book is available online through the library.
***** Vander's Renal Physiology is helpful for furthering your understanding of the renal material in RMD 575 if you are having trouble.
***** Some students who have had physiology trouble in RMD 575 have found Respiratory Physiology:  The Essentails by John B. West to be helpful.
***** The pathophysiology text, Pathophysiology of Disease:  An Introduction to Clinical Medicine is also particularly good for both of these courses.
***** Pathoma does a good job with the pathology in both of these courses and can be particularly useful.
** DONE Invite Deri to Menengitis
** DONE [#A] [[https://www.physiology.org/doi/full/10.1152/advan.00173.2018][Ten maxims of formative assessment | Advances in Physiology Education]] Add formatives to Dijana’s PowerPoint
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   89FCA51F-DC10-4FDD-BFAE-80ABB012F859
:ID:       B506698B-9218-4B23-A5D8-387919D7A7EB
:END:
** DONE Invite students to lunch on June 19 [[message://%3cc63d430148fa4d2299f84e18deb760b9@RUDWV-EXCHEG001.dmz.rush.edu%3E][Event Summary: M1 Student Faculty Lunch (U) (Res # 20190531-00008)]]
** DONE Bring up the possibility of starting a journal club at the CD meeting :: I did this.  They're up for it.  Now I just have to organize it.
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-13 Thu>
** TODO Organize new journal club
- Note taken on [2019-06-14 Fri 07:59] \\
  Bob suggested using one Thrusday a month at noon instead of the CD meeting.  I'll do that fow now but we may want to do articles more frequently.
** DONE [#A] Introduce yourself.  You are first up in the M2 year. [[message://%3c00D6574D-A05F-44F6-A81B-92681C8DAB95@rush.edu%3E][Kelly Stapleton - Assessment and Evaluation Coordinator]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-17 Mon>

** DONE [#A] Review [[message://%3c00000000000085b6b1058b4f26cd@google.com%3E][M1M2 2019-2020 6-7-19 Bob Version.xlsx]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   68650FAF-9DE8-413F-B02C-0CA06645799D
:ID:       2B414935-0A2C-4BB9-81AB-3DEB96AF9EE9
:END:

** DONE Add Nell to the HDHR core disciplines calendar invite
** DONE [#A] Talk to Bob about this [[message://%3c9c25c27aedf24096906a708d4e10b5a7@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Feedback on Paria]]            :Bob_Leven:
*** Is she going to be a course director?  If so, she lacks teaching experience.  Part of our job is to "teach the teachers".  Further more with all of the administrative dutites, experience in the curriculum is going to be a major asset.  She has none (neither does Katie).
*** She's personable, intelligent and obviously active.  Very good personal traits.
** DONE [#A] Find out from Bob about this supposed studio on the 9th floor for making videos
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   C154AD1E-BB8C-4FC4-BC02-4FED5438AEC1
:ID:       F1D9D30E-4A97-4445-B2D0-EDE81B123D7D
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-15 Mon 07:19] \\
  Bob said to check with Angela Solic but he didn't think it was ready.
:END:
** DONE [#A] Angela Solic about recording studio
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-19 Fri 08:38] \\
  Talk to Angela about this.  She said the end of August.
:END:

** DONE [#A] Workload Assessment due August 14 [[message://%3cc48a531bea904b23a470c322f2d85a46@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Course Workload Assessment and Course Director Response/Action Plan]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   848A774A-7B64-40C4-8DDC-B3820630AD30
:ID:       EE5D0660-D3C1-43B2-A037-82DEE8B4E220
:END:
** DONE [#A] Air media
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-22 Thu 10:51]
:END:
** DONE [#A] Talk to Rahul
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   93F05CF3-0923-441F-A231-9E9CABD5B7C3
:ID:       9576CBDF-0E9C-4A04-B7F7-559A9189FEDE
:END:
- I want to meet with SS  reviewers
- I may need help with Carlynn Jones.  I don't think the genetics content has improved.
- Make deadlines earlier
**** Add two weeks this year
**** Make them earlier next year if you wnat reasonably big changes.
** CANCELED [#A] Tell Carl how to use air media
:LOGBOOK:
- State "CANCELED"   from "TODO"       [2019-08-22 Thu 10:52] \\
  Looks like he's working mostly with the M1s
:END:
** DONE [#A] Ask Bob about where this Open Feedback Forum is. [[message://%3c6C7A4B40-F0A9-4A99-823E-716BEF830068@rush.edu%3E][Re: New announcement added]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   CFA5D306-0AF8-42BF-8BC4-49480B8C31B5
:ID:       D3ADC151-1C8E-4C31-A421-71BD3C8870B8
:END:
