* Tasks

** TODO Get back to Kelly on which questions to delete from this [[message://%3cFD3CD4A2-0A62-4CAC-BBE7-75F79C07EDDB@rush.edu%3E][RMD 567 Revised Formative Breakdown- Items to Remove]]


** TODO [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_sklhygAecYOoDHlG8NOREBOLg5TYnkCpGsCWY3lOnE/edit#gid=1543302896][RMD 567 Assessment Blueprint AY19/20 - Google Sheets]]

** TODO Do the powerpoint for this [[message://%3c06487EE4-4CBB-4C49-A5E7-A32B7A6033BC@rush.edu%3E][Fwd: RMD 566 Jessie Arnold Session Assessment]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-19 Thu>

** TODO Take care of Life Cycle COnept Map [[message://%3cVtcLIdQiDcAnuqpXwpGchA.0@notifications.google.com%3E][RMD 567 Faculty G... - +tshanno@gmail.com Tom, can you pleas...]]

** TODO Correct Advocate Plan of Study [[message://%3c1568750787757.11676@rush.edu%3E][We got it all sorted out]]

** TODO FU: Carolyn [[message://%3c7F13AC2F-748A-4C65-BA0A-B6C5FEDAB3F1@rush.edu%3E][Imprinting Disorders]]
** TODO You owe Fidelity $1,481.37 by 10/15/19
** TODO Vital Fluids Core Displines Meeting; Location: AAC 403, Large Conference Room <2019-09-18 Wed 11:00-12:00>
*** Hemostasis issue

*** TODO [[message://%3c1568814153144.89162@rush.edu%3E][Re: Reminder: Core Disciplines Meeting Today at 11AM in AAC 403 large conference room]]


It would be helpful to spend 10 minutes brainstorming about the new renal vignettes session.  Questions that I have for the group are:

1.  Essential hypertension: do any disciplines outside of pathophysiology have an activity they want to contribute/material they want to emphasize?  If not, pathophysiology can take over this vignette.

2.  Nephrolithiasis: what disciplines are contributing to this, and what should our activities be?

3.  Pharmacokinetics in CKD: this is primarily pharm - Mike please get started on your activities.  

Link to the faculty guide 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N7NaDn_9X3oiLDfI5xp-tMVHNa8F4_wgluhyoBQeGJk/edit#

Anne
** TODO Add Pharm of neohrolithiasis next year

** TODO Talk to MIchelle and then FU with Paul [[message://%3c7BAA11D1-120D-46BC-8AFF-0872E1EAF25D@rush.edu%3E][Re: Item Submission Deadline - Thursday, September 12th]]

** TODO Post an announcement telling students there will be lunch for the session on MOnday. [[message://%3c56D39C2A-A193-4614-BE64-F2A25B2D766E@rush.edu%3E][IMMEDIATE:  Lunch for Monday?]]

** TODO Send out minutes from core disciplines meeting [[message://%3cE0983C1E-835E-4BBC-862C-9EE30B9207C5@rush.edu%3E][Re: Reminder: Core Disciplines Meeting Today at 11AM in AAC 403 large conference room]]

** TODO 20-25 questions for PA students [[message://%3ce2e939c261a04bcf90ce6f21d8b4fc24@RUDW-EXCHMAIL01.rush.edu%3E][RE: Powerpoints for tomorrow]]

** TODO [[message://%3cdd93d46f3b404ba98bb66e5975b34722@RUDW-EXCHMAIL01.rush.edu%3E][RE: fluids and electrolytes session]]
Anne,
They should get all the materials except the document with the answers.
 
Tom can post the video, PowerPoint and the cases. I do not mind them having the cases ( it is unlikely they will have gone through them) but I do want them to be told that they have to review the video and handout ( course notes) on Fluids and Electrolytes.
 
Best,
Syed

*** TODO [#A] Upload all of the materials.  Set a time to release the answers.

*** TODO [#A] Make sure the workhop is in the self-study

*** TODO [#A] Find the video rom last year and put it up and time the release.

** TODO [[https://rush-my.sharepoint.com/personal/brandon_taylor_rush_edu/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fbrandon%5Ftaylor%5Frush%5Fedu%2FDocuments%2FHLC%2DAssessment%2DAcademy][HLC-Assessment-Academy - OneDrive]]

** TODO FU Raul_A_Arias-Garcia@rush.edu [[message://%3c53389e88a6e1402ba699579269c81c3e@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][M1 Student Roster]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-23 Mon>
** TODO [[http://inside2.rush.edu/committees/UnivCurricComm/Pages/default.aspx][UCC Sharepoint site]]

** TODO Respond to Papadakis comments [[message://%3c7a9H9ZQNfh905RVvBKB36w.0@notifications.google.com%3E][RMD 574 Self-Study Guide 06 George Papadakis 11-11-2019]]

** TODO Talk to Kelly and Michelle about fetal death session quiz [[message://%3c4E29B73B-4569-4052-89FF-316D023993DC@rush.edu%3E][Fetal Death Session]]

** TODO Evidently you need to update the Male Reproductive content.  This should be a priority in the offseason (what little of it there is) [[message://%3c973af7c53936279.68ebe2fcfeeee652924f808382ba97f4@mailer.surveygizmo.com%3E][Assessment Challenge_ID# 6066_Submission_RMD 566 (SR) Formative  1 ]]

** TODO  Review the S&R summative [[message://%3c79FE74D9-F1EE-4264-A23E-0DFAAE7DA0C6@rush.edu%3E][RMD 566 Summative and Histology Practical]]
** TODO Compile ppt for fetal death debrief
** TODO ASk Mike to add factor 10A inhibitors to anti-coagulants in arrythmia for 2020
