* *Ticklers*
** FU S&R Meeting with Bob and Gary
	[[message://%3c1025f05a00d8423a80eb616dd20432ab@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Sexuality and Reproduction Course]]
** CANCELED FU Bob on S&R Q&A sessions
	[[message://%3c29E906AE-FA46-4F2A-85B8-5D046E56C141@rush.edu%3E][S&R Q&A sessions]]
** Consider talking about puberty in Life Cycle rather than S&R next year.  We talk about it a lot in the introductory lesson.  It fits there mechanistically, though.
SCHEDULED: <2020-02-03 Mon>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   0A668387-75A1-4CDD-814D-88E0FF99593D
:ID:       B2E4BD44-047D-4403-B185-42B43C747029
:END:
** DONE [#A] FU:Jeffery [[message://%3cF758DFAE-271C-4A41-B357-C26C3298A33F@rush.edu%3E][Re: Edits to Carmen Gardner case ]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-17 Mon>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   C05F06BF-95E9-4229-99B0-D41770C08836
:ID:       72241610-3A44-4223-A7BB-00AD2BE1BAC4
:END:

** DONE Core Discipline Room Reservation ends after 8/16.
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-09 Fri 09:38] \\
  I booked the large room at this time through January 31
- State "DONE"       from              [2019-08-09 Fri 09:38]
:END:
** DONE [#A] FU Najia on self-study.  Did it get in?  ::  [[message:%3C0858f8b2707f4b0bad41da16959cd931@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Deadline Today for Materials needed for Sexuality and Reproduction]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "WAITING"    [2019-07-24 Wed 08:40]
:END:
** DONE Did Joanna get this in? :: [[message:%3C3D587692-B96D-455C-BB84-06E145F32CB4@rush.edu%3E][Re: Material for Medical Jurisprudence?]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-07-08 Mon>
** DONE [#A] Check up with Najia/Jeffrey nd see if Najia got her calendar corrections done. [[message:%3Cfeaf66e3b1d44ba788d3ab94db639354@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Self-study material for sexuality and reproduction session?]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "WAITING"    [2019-07-22 Mon 08:39]
:END:


** DONE FU:Mike on antivirals [[message://%3c2dbc4dc573ae4a54980738d61e8a054a@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Anti-virals?]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   892288F3-489C-41E6-8C85-7237F1998DF4
:ID:       C75214D4-3755-4265-9783-B463B9686B0A
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from              [2019-07-26 Fri 08:58]
:END:
** Contact Keith and update him on AGB, infertility and teen preganancy
** See if the review session for Formative got moved from 9/12 to 9/17
SCHEDULED: <2019-08-22 Thu>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   18A1CCA9-4C49-4E00-8A71-4B1CDD394AAD
:ID:       36CDE2C1-817A-44A8-8960-7C988A92ABCB
:END:
** FU: Bob on moving the Teen Pregnancy and Fetal Death [[message://%3c6780C509-A37A-45EA-B170-D790E988DF11@rush.edu%3E][Re: S&R Schedule]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-08-26 Mon>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   96E10B31-68E9-4F69-B967-2CBDCCD70167
:ID:       75DFB65D-7A7C-4FA0-B3A1-FA325EFDD35D
:END:

** DONE FU Bob [[message://%3cF6B85EC6-7244-4D40-8143-F7718948590C@rush.edu%3E][Scholar Session]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   9D669076-C877-4F75-95D1-E70803E57B24
:ID:       D569CC8C-F8A8-4053-A8DD-638871B4440C
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "WAITING"    [2019-08-12 Mon 11:18]
- State "WAITING"    from              [2019-08-02 Fri 09:31] \\
  Emailed Bob about this.
:END:

There is a session on 9/3 called "Intro to EBM”.  It appears to be online.  Its in black so I can't tell which class it applies to.  Is it M1 or M2?

** Make sure you add Neeral's content in the proper spot [[message://%3c1565051923008.29249@rush.edu%3E][Sexuality/Reproduction for AY 20/21]]
SCHEDULED: <2020-02-01 Sat>

** TODO [#A] Make an introductory video for S&R
*** Be sure to explain that the S&R block and the life cycle blocks are outr attempt to be forward thinking and to get ahead of the curve.  Some of the content might not be in First Aid.
*** Narrative feedback
*** Add comment about women's health being forward thinking
*** Mention that BCS (Bedside Clinical Skills) will have its own shell.
*** Narrative feedback will be done for communicator and anatomy (M2's communicator only).  
  
  Students will not be told they are being evaluated.
  
  This won't affect the grade but can affect a Deans letter
  
  Students will see evaluations and they will have at least on conference with a communicator faculty at east once some time during the year to go over it.

** DONE FU: Nell [[message://%3cA82AA070-8209-41B6-A690-D6C436DE1DFD@rush.edu%3E][Re: RMD 566 Assessment Blueprint AY19/20]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from              [2019-08-15 Thu 08:37]
- Note taken on [2019-08-13 Tue 07:31] \\
  Nell had one dropped question that she didn't replace.  I emailed her and asked her to do it.
:END:

** FU: Carolyn [[message://%3c4BCC6823-C56B-471B-8899-555756D08BDC@rush.edu%3E][Questions for the formative]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-08-23 Fri>
* *Meeting Notes*
** Core Discplines <2018-07-27 Fri>
*** [[message://%3c15E22783-A5D4-4E0D-A0CE-C5534DDC2C17@rush.edu%3E][Review dehydration]]
*** [[message://%3cEg6UBRI1JuibTLmInnPnsw.0@notifications.google.com%3E][Repeat dehydration?]]
*** [[message://%3c1532617827220.15981@rush.edu%3E][Jerry's issue]]
** Student Assessment Team <2018-07-17 Tue> 10:00-11:00
*** What questons are you generating?  Mastery, Session Assessments, Formative, Final?
*** Want to meet and talk over at least some of the questions
*** Where are quesiotns housed?
** Core Discipline Directors <2018-07-17 Tue> 11:00-12:00
*** Ask about low K+?  Save for Lasix?
*** Explain the high BUN? - High urea in the concentrated urine -> more urea reabsorption?
*** Explain why Mark feels "woozy"?
*** What is the cause of the nausia and leg cramps?
*** AKI: Micro involvement in glomerulonephritis?  Peds?  Pharm?
** DONE Timelines for upcoming courses
Scheduled: Jul 2, 2018 at 1:00 PM to 2:00 PM
Location: Small OMSP conference room (AAC 5)
*** DONE Is Joanna going to need anything in AKI? <2018-07-03 Tue>
**** Marylouis Wilkerson - peds.  Copy on everything.
*** DONE Get Breakdowns to Jeffery
** Administrative <2018-09-17 Mon>
*** [[message://%3c09A30CB9-B175-48F5-9868-1ABD51400D17@rush.edu%3E][Susan Glick's rooms]] :Danesha:
*** Fluids and Electrolytes and ABASE Material                                  :Jeffrey:
**** For now I just put these in acid-base.  Should we create a "Workshop materials" folder inthe future?  Seperate session sectons?
*** Where is the BCS material?  I have a note on it to add to the folder        :Jeffrey:
*** Salpingitis                                                                 :Denise:
**** Gary - says the movie is up
**** Assessment
**** Review team?
*** file size                                                                   :Danesha:Denise:
*** Infertility                                                                 :Denise:
**** In review and waiting on Gary?
*** Teen Pregnancy
**** In review and waiting on Gary?
*** Women's Health and Global Health                                            :Danesha:
**** [[message://%3c1536954647204.94525@rush.edu%3E][No self-study for this and we have the faculty guide, correct?]]
**** Can Danesha format the faculty guide?
**** Maureen is going to do some micro with teen age pregancy.                  :Jeffrey:
*** Communicator Skills on 9/28?  Do we need anything?                          :Danesha:Jeffrey:
*** PROFESSIONAL: Confidentiality - Mature and Emaciated Minor                  :Danesha:Jeffrey:
**** Can we prompt Joanna?
*** Fetal Death                                                                 :Denise:
**** Where are we on this?  Just waiting on Gary?
*** FYI Formative is on 9/26.  We have review sessions on 9/24 (11 and 1)
*** Quesotns for formatives?                                                    :Jeffrey:
** Administrative <2018-09-17 Mon>
*** [[message://%3c09A30CB9-B175-48F5-9868-1ABD51400D17@rush.edu%3E][Susan Glick's rooms]] :Danesha:
*** Where is the BCS material?  I have a note on it to add to the folder        :Jeffrey:
*** Salpingitis                                                                 :Denise:
**** Gary - says the movie is up
**** Assessment
*** Infertility                                                                 :Denise:
*** Teen Pregnancy
**** In review and waiting on Gary?
*** Women's Health and Global Health                                            :Danesha:
**** [[message://%3c1536954647204.94525@rush.edu%3E][No self-study for this and we have the faculty guide, correct?]]
**** Can Danesha format the faculty guide?
*** Communicator Skills on 9/28?  Do we need anything?                          :Danesha:Jeffrey:
*** PROFESSIONAL: Confidentiality - Mature and Emaciated Minor                  :Danesha:Jeffrey:
**** Can we prompt Joanna?
*** Fetal Death                                                                 :Denise:
**** Where are we on this?  Just waiting on Gary?
*** FYI Formative is on 9/26.  We have review sessions on 9/24 (11 and 1)
*** Quesotns for formatives?                                                    :Jeffrey:
** Core Disciplines <2018-09-19 Wed>
*** Clean up AUB and salpingitis - objectives and take home points.
*** Include USMLE quesitons with student guide?
** Helpful Tips & Tricks for VF
*** Seek help early
*** Discussion board
*** Monitor the announcements
*** Attend the workshops
*** Look for the little things that can distiguish between one disease and another - be prepared to identify the disease based upon the stem of the question.
** Administrative <2018-09-24 Mon>
*** Teen Pregnancy
**** Gary - got it in.  Let's get this up tomorrow.
*** Women's Health and Global Health - No student guide?                        :Danesha:
*** PROFESSIONAL: Confidentiality - Mature and Emaciated Minor                  :Danesha:Jeffrey:
**** Can we prompt Joanna?
**** Please post the self-study
*** Fetal Death                                                                 :Denise:
**** Where are we on this?  Just waiting on Gary?
*** Review sessions                                                             :Denise:
*** Joanna's additional self-study?                                             :Danesha:
** Administritive <2018-10-03 Wed>
*** Fetal Death                                                                 :Denise:
**** Where are we on Gary's stuff?
**** Session assessment tomorrow
*** Congenital Heart Disease Cases                                              :Danesha:
**** [[message://%3c28C54E14-A716-4188-B916-9F54EDFE1BA3@rush.edu%3E][Danesha and Janice:  Practitioner in BSCI study guide but make sure faculty guide gets posted.]]
*** Tetrology of Fallot                                                         :Janice:Jeffrey:
*** MI 1 and 2                                                                  :Janice:Jeffrey:
*** CHF
**** still missing materials.
** Core Disciplines <2018-10-03 Wed>
*** Teen pregnancy session assessment is not in.
*** Adding practioner, bumping something else
*** Ask Anne if Fluids and Electrolytes doens't realy belong in VF
*** Ask Mark Pool about the items that he identified as being problematic for infertility]]
*** Next meeting 1-2pm
** Administritive <2018-10-08 Wed>
*** Fetal Death                                                                 :Denise:
**** Session assessment tomorrow
*** Congenital Heart Disease Cases                                              :Danesha:
**** [[message://%3c28C54E14-A716-4188-B916-9F54EDFE1BA3@rush.edu%3E][Danesha and Janice:  Practitioner in BSCI study guide but make sure faculty guide gets posted.]]
*** Tetrology of Fallot                                                         :Janice:Jeffrey:
**** Anatomy to be done before 10/24
**** Put the folloiwng note on the coverpage:  "only need to watch most of CV11- CV33 once through - see beginning of CV11"
*** MI 1 and 2                                                                  :Janice:Jeffrey:
*** Intro to patient safety
**** Materials done but not upload
*** Types of errors
**** Material done but not uploaded.
*** Bio-psycho-social Model of Medicine
**** Paul has not gotten this in yet.
** Coure Discplines <2018-10-11 Thu>
*** [[message://%3c69425036-771C-4F84-8C37-EEE1CE1B3EA3@rush.edu%3E][We need to cut ab activity in CHF2 and put in the professional activity]]
  [2018-10-10 Wed]
*** Talk to Gary Loy.
*** Talk to Mark about plans for residents?]]
** [[message:%3C2b42cf4298804193b7f0578f220fc144@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Pathology in S&R]] <2019-06-06 Thu 1:00-1:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   0AF7AE89-BB99-4AC0-B2D3-9AF6F4D572FE
:ID:       70C56F7E-5BE6-4AC7-A5B8-E24768E3E3F0
:END:
*** Brett Mahon has been recruited to help, primarily with Heme/Onc
*** Mark has met with Jerry Loew and Brett and "given assignments" for them to look for holes in the content within the curriculum. Brett is doing Heme/Onc and Jerry is doing HDHR
*** Mark will redo his videos (he wasn't going to before).
**** He's going to look for material in physiology and histology to integrate in
**** He's going to teach normal placenta (histology doesn't)
**** He's going to put more normal on his slides.  He was afraid of too much repetition with histology before.  I told him this was the right kind of repetition.
*** CANCELED [#A] Email Rahul about mark pool meeting
- Note taken on [2019-06-18 Tue 14:30] \\
  Talked to him in person
** Recording with Tom and Gary; Location: AAC 1048 <2019-06-21 Fri 8:00-12:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   F9AD91C5-7FFF-4EFA-BDE9-0E369EF65949
:ID:       4B8E318C-862A-4253-98C6-38762E215D62
:END:

- Note taken on [2019-06-21 Fri 06:38] \\
  It wasn't a huge surprise but Gary wasn't ready to record.  I showed him how I set things up and we got him up and running on ExamSoft so he can look at the questions and target the correct material in his videos.
  
  Also no surprise but he decided to go with videos only.  So he obviosuly didn't get much done the first part of the month on his notes.
  
  Hopefully we'll get more done tomorrow.
** Recording with Tom and Gary; Location: AAC 1095 <2019-06-21 Fri 13:00-17:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   61B249AE-E97E-4890-B452-8B777FDE0315
:ID:       F3A8285E-1727-46BE-9C84-1FE978ABE4A2
:END:
change
- Note taken on [2019-06-24 Mon 06:41] \\
Gary got four videos done

*** DONE [#A] Upload Gary's videos
*** DONE [#A] Get PowerPoints from Gary
*** DONE [#A] Post Gary's PowerPoints and links
** Recording with Tom and Gary; Location: AAC 969 <2019-06-24 Mon 08:00-12:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   3F20C956-AC01-4649-A841-D154A48E7864
:ID:       CD7ABFCD-8167-4628-9999-F57C8C0DD9AD
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-06-25 Tue 15:16] \\
  Gary Finished all but one or two videos.  He's going to give me the order along with some of the other information tomorrow when we finish at 4:30.  I need to find an look at the sheets outside the doors tomorrow morning, find a room that will be open and let him know.  Shouldn't bee too hard.
:END:
** S&R Organizational Meeting; Location: Medium Conference Room <2019-06-25 Tue 10:00-11:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   076EE6CC-B681-4721-A415-637F1D88706A
:ID:       B76936D8-FA14-499E-957C-C8DA76F8E4A6
:END:
*** DONE Due date for VF is Aug. 8. Warn DDs and RLs.
*** Try to cpy Danesha and Denise on correspondence so they know what's going on.
*** Here's the procedure for dealing with self-study materials.
**** Due date for S&R materials today, June 25.
**** Jeffrey will send me a list of people who are late.
***** DONE FU Jeffrey on list of people who are late with materials
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-26 Wed>
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-06-27 Thu 07:16] \\
  Got tired of waiting on Jeffrey.  Will contact DDs myself.
:END:
**** They will have one week to ge ttheir materials in
**** People who are still late will be refered to Rahul
**** Once we have the materials, Denise and Danesha will put togther rough drafts of self-studies.
**** Rough drafts will be sent to the Review Team and the Activities Team
***** CANCELED Get the list of which assesment team members are in charge of which case. [[bbdb:Jeffrey%20Brandt][Jeffrey Brandt]] :Jeffrey:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-06-27 Thu 07:14] \\
  Jeffrey didn't get back to me.  Will contact Keith.
:END:
***** CANCELED FU Jeffrey on getting the list of which assesment team members are in charge of which case. [[bbdb:Jeffrey%20Brandt][Jeffrey Brandt]] :Jeffrey:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-06-27 Thu 07:14] \\
  Jeffrey didn't get back to me.  Decided to just contact everyone myself.
:END:
***** DONE [#A] Invite core disciplines, including activivities team member, to Core DD meetings starting next week.  Anne said whe could make 3:30 on Friday, I believe.
***** DONE [#A] FU with Anne to confirm tha this time is OK [[bbdb:Anne%20Hartley][Anne Hartley]] :Anne_Hartley:
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-26 Wed>
***** DONE Ask Gary if Friday afternoon is OK for this.
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-06-25 Tue 16:55] \\
  Gary said Friday afternoon is good.
:END:
**** Review tems will have 3 days to get these back with comments.
**** I will review comments and respond in terms of what can and can't be done.
**** We will send out the comments.  DDs and RLs will have 48 hours to make the corrections.
**** Denise and Dansha will produce final guides ready to post.
*** Addendum:  I talked to Bob Leven later in the day.  He says that we shold give late people until Monday.  After that they will be told their materials will not appear in the faculty guide.
** Recording with Gary ; Location: 1048 ACC <2019-06-25 Tue 16:30-17:30> [[bbdb:Gary%20Loy][Gary Loy]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   1C84242F-6D17-4073-9691-1E6893ED4DE1
:ID:       18B00426-1E3D-45F5-87F5-6B9BA9343338
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-06-25 Tue 17:09] \\
  Two videos.
  
  Gary will upload his materials to the GD and will share it with me.  The materials will have the video order.  Once I have that, I'll upload them to YouTube, move his materials to the proper folder for the course and he'll be done.
:END:

** Sexuality and Reproduction Core Disciplines Meeting; Location: AAC 403- Large Room <2019-07-12 Fri 14:30-15:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   847DCCCD-6B93-4606-B080-34D33628F1FE
:ID:       E363DC92-5209-4162-874F-00107948FAB9
:END:
*** You'll need to alter the PID activities to accomodate for the loss of atrophic vaginitis. [[message://%3cE765CD7C-7DCC-48E4-AFB5-75B42D658758@rush.edu%3E][Re: Bacterial Vaginosis, teach it or not?]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   43E34783-F7C6-41B4-A810-53636E77F78F
:ID:       B6ACF495-7481-46BC-AE9A-1DC0F5105DBF
:END:
** Sexuality and Reproduction Core Disciplines Meeting; Location: AAC 403- Large Room <2019-07-12 Fri 14:30-15:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   1F9BFB19-EEE6-444B-8EA2-3CEF7DFF31CC
:ID:       772F5394-766A-4BD1-B050-A9D3CD484166
:END:
*** DONE [#A]  Call Gary about [[message://%3c1562961974017.82969@rush.edu%3E][AUB in different ages activity]]
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-15 Mon 15:10] \\
  Talked to Gary.  He's open to calling the case "abnormal genital tract bleeding" and to making the patient younger.  He said that the students get the break down for likilihood of diagnosis at different ages in the reading.  We'll talk about it Friday.
:END:

------
Hi Gary,

We're thinking the DDx for AUB in different ages is beyond the level of M2s and also, they haven't had these diseases (cancers etc).  Can this activity be simplified?

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l8BuVdN_2Mi27BEANU643MruGUSa72ryCOf-9JHffy0/edit#heading=h.qlabs1hiretz​

Tom, Mark Pool, Christine Tsai, and I are all here discussing and are wondering what you think.

Anne
-----

Make patient younger to eliminate menopause consideraation?  Need FSH check?
Abnormal Genital Tract Bleeding?

[[bbdb:Gary%20Loy][Gary Loy]]

*** DONE [#A] Add menopause exercise to Life Cycle - Talk to Deri
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   49732CBA-76A0-48F7-B6F7-E4046B8660E4
:ID:       1B5B760D-9B22-418F-80D6-65CCB598A3A5
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-22 Mon 08:30] \\
  Sent an email.
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-07-22 Mon 08:29]
:END:

*** Talk about Gary's AUB activity.
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   8FD31F9A-8F4C-4CC4-8E39-4F0F60218982
:ID:       E2565506-876D-4639-9C14-FAD56996FC00
:END:
** Sexuality and Reproduction Core Disciplines Meeting; Location: AAC 403- Large Room <2019-07-19 Fri 14:30-15:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   9652BEAD-B0CC-4E22-AB88-FC891DA402A2
:ID:       D3C7964E-1889-432A-9EE7-E625472E6254
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-07-22 Mon 08:35]
- State "WAITING"    from "TODO"       [2019-07-22 Mon 08:32] \\
  Email sent.
:END:
*** You'll need to alter the PID activities to accomodate for the loss of atrophic vaginitis. [[message://%3cE765CD7C-7DCC-48E4-AFB5-75B42D658758@rush.edu%3E][Re: Bacterial Vaginosis, teach it or not?]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   43E34783-F7C6-41B4-A810-53636E77F78F
:ID:       96B73DC9-A42A-4363-9089-2C81D5F7EBBA
:END:
*** Talk about Gary's AUB activity.
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   8FD31F9A-8F4C-4CC4-8E39-4F0F60218982
:ID:       EE3ED569-4E0D-44C5-BD20-294B18A15E1E
:END:
*** DONE [#A] Make sure mike put anti-virals in Fetal Death
*** DONE [#A] Tell Denise that we made minor changes to the HSV self-study
*** Gary is going to alter the PID exercise to make it clear what the students need to know.
*** Mark promised to re-write the pathology exercise in AGB.
*** CANCELED We need to alter the abnormal genital tract bleeding histology/physiology exercise to make the info about the rooms correct (marked with a comment in the file).  We are waiting until we get a good look at the room in its final state to plan out how this will be run.
** Sexuality and Reproduction Core Disciplines Meeting; Location: AAC 403- Large Room <2019-09-26 Fri 14:30-15:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   13244F61-2829-43C9-89A9-9A7CB20AC917
:ID:       7F9A785B-1928-46F6-8718-C7DA8F4D4376
:END:
*** DONE [#A] Gary is going to alter the PID exercise to make it clear what the students need to know.
:LOGBOOK:
- State "WAITING"    from              [2019-08-05 Mon 06:45]
:END:
*** Mark promised to re-write the pathology exercise in AGB.
*** Alter the concept map for male infertility or replace with a path activity
*** Talk to Anne about CHF self-study at Core Disciplines meeting.
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   A5BEE53B-E694-4612-BE2C-FA36E6FF913E
:ID:       D13EE913-14E7-49A7-9A80-9A27235C23A0
:END:
*** [[message://%3cAA2B8B1A-3DD3-4822-8DD3-4110EAC836B9@rush.edu%3E][Update: Core Disciplines Meeting 7/26/19]]


Hi, guys.

Just a quick note on where we are at with the faculty guides and the session activities.

1.  Some general edits:

I need to check the dates in the headers of all of these guides.  I’ll get that done ASAP.

We need to update the contact information for Microbiology.  Presumably this will be Nell and Paria but Paria hasn’t been officially hired.  I’ll put Nell’s info in.

2.  Keith - Abnormal Uterine bleeding is basically done.   Mark Pool is going to find out how to create links to the virtual slides and embed them into the guide so that the students can get a good, high resolution look at them.  Other than that, it should be good to go.

3.  Carl - Pelvic inflammatory disease is almost done as well.  Gary has a minor edit for the women’s health activity where he’s going to make sure the students know what they need to take away from the tables in the answers.

4.  Keith - Infertility:  Anne is working a little bit on the clinical reasoning.  Jerry is going to design a pathology activity to replace the physiology activity from last year.  Frankly, this concept map wasn’t my best work and the students correctly pointed out that we need more pathology activities in this block.

5.  Keith - Teen pregnancy:  Anne is working a little bit on the clinical reasoning.  Other than that it looks pretty solid.

Fetal Death is the last case in this block and we’ll talk about it next week.  The due date for Vital Fluids self-study materials is August 8 so we will likely move right into those guides on the 9th.

Thanks to all for your help.

Tom S.
*** Talk to resident (under Chris Coogan?) about male reproductive material before the Intro to the Genito-urinary Exam.
SCHEDULED: <2019-09-09 Mon>
*** DONE [#A] Change dates on faculty guides
*** DONE [#A] Update contact info for immuno/micro

** Sexuality and Reproduction Core Disciplines Meeting; Location: AAC 403- Large Room <2019-08-02 Fri 14:30-15:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   F22828B4-9D6E-4B09-B98B-972AA37FE667
:ID:       B59CAF0A-F761-45E0-8F7E-9FA75CB7F8FA
:END:
*** Ask Anne about these Praticioner:  Physical Exam, Genitourinary Exam Labs which are scattered throughout S&R
*** Discuss Anne's comment about including info the student don't need to know under differential
*** Discuss  Anne's comments in Teen Pregnancy
*** Discuss Anne's comments on Infertility
*** Gary is going to alter the PID exercise to make it clear what the students need to know.
*** Contact Carl and update him on PID
*** Mark promised to re-write the pathology exercise in AGB.
*** Get back to Anne and Syed on CHF self-study.
*** [[message://%3c1564246881954.53824@rush.edu%3E][male infertility activity]]


This sounds like a good idea except that I have concerns about the ability of the students to get a differential based upon the self-study that we’ve given them (or, more accurately, the lack of male information in the self-study the we’ve given them).

I’d say this would be OK if you are careful about what you do.  They’re basically gong to have to be able to figure out the answers from what is in the pathology and genetics lessons, what the clinical educators tell them as they walk them through the clinical reasoning for the male vignette above your exercise, and common sense.

Tom S.

On Jul 27, 2019, at 12:01 PM, Jerome Loew <Jerome_Loew@rush.edu> wrote:

For the male infertility activity, there are possible causes in several organs and several types of disease.  It would not be easy for the students to derive a broad differential diagnosis from the histopathology self-study materials for this case.  This seems like a good opportunity to get the students to formulate a differential based on a pathogenetic classification.  Examples include infection, toxic exposures, metabolic/endocrine disorders, congenital malformations, and genetic abnormalities.  They may already be thinking this way but I don't think it's been emphasized.

Comments please...

Jerome Loew, MD
Department of Pathology, RMC
847-533-1500 (cell)
312-942-8850
*** Talk to Jerry/Mark about what to do about this [[message://%3c1564689549840.96251@rush.edu%3E][male infertility activity]]

** Sexuality and Reproduction Administrative Team; Location: 403 AAC, Large Conference Room <2019-07-29 Mon 14:00-14:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   B170C263-0AA3-449F-AD2C-67DFA109BC2B
:ID:       A11BF094-EC2E-4DF4-8910-DC5C6DA6B844
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "WAITING"    from "TODO"       [2019-07-31 Wed 08:17] \\
  Emailed Najia.   [[message://%3c0BBDCDF2-D2EE-48A4-BC31-BAC7368E4D76@rush.edu%3E][EBM - Evaluating Articles on Harm]]
:END:
*** Where are we on self-studies?
**** Danesha says she has this in hand.  Advocate is her Only issue.  She is working with Pail Kent.
**** Advocate:  Sexual Assault and Patient Care in the Emergency room (9/15) went from a 2 hour session to a 1 hour lecture this year.  Does he need to change his self-study?
**** Advocate:  Trauma and Informed Care
***** This sounds more like a professional session
***** It has no self-study
***** Jeffrey said eh thought it might have been done last year.  I don't remember it.
**** DONE [#A] Danesha - Does EBM - Evaluating Articles on Harm Session have self-study or is it all online? ::  [[https://theebmproject.wordpress.com/small-group-01/][Small Group 01: Ginde 2009 (Harm) | the ebm project]].  Check with Najia and see if she wants to use the same self-study.  If so, maybe copy and paste.  Be sure to include the link though so they can watch the videos?
*** We are finalizing the faculty guides now.
**** AGB and PID hopefully Wednesday
**** Teen PRgnancy early next week
**** Fetal Death this Friday.
** [[message://%3c053BFC3A-1E05-437A-B112-97DD2677409C@rush.edu%3E][Update: Core Disciplines Meeting 7/26/19]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   10C22D8D-DD36-4EA9-B0EF-7B1E62F0EB7D
:ID:       C380034A-FB7C-43E7-981B-8935494DA2D9
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "WAITING"    [2019-08-09 Fri 09:39]
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-07 Wed 11:32]
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-07 Wed 11:25]
- State "WAITING"    from              [2019-08-06 Tue 07:28]
- State "WAITING"    from              [2019-08-06 Tue 07:28]
- State "WAITING"    from              [2019-08-06 Tue 07:27] \\
  Waiting on Gary, I think.
- State "WAITING"    from              [2019-08-06 Tue 07:27]
:END:

*** DONE [#A] For Fetal Death, give columns 2 and 3 and match #1

*** DONE [#A] For Fetal Death, Add note to CEs that USMLE questions are optional
***  Some general edits:

**** DONE [#A] Tom:  I still need to check the dates in the headers of all of these guides.

**** DONE [#A] We need to update the contact information for Microbiology.  Presumably this will be Nell and Paria but Paria hasn’t been officially hired.  I’ll put Nell’s info in.

**** DONE [#A] This is done.  Post AGB
Keith - Abnormal Uterine bleeding is very close.   Mark Pool still needs to find out how to create links to the virtual slides and embed them into the guide so that the students can get a good, high resolution look at them.  I believe he also still needs to embed images that are not marked up for the student guide.  Mark, can you please get this done ASAP?
**** DONE [#A] Carl - Pelvic inflammatory disease is almost done as well.  Gary still has a minor edit for the women’s health activity where he’s going to make sure the students know what they need to take away from the tables in the answers.  Gary, can you please do this ASAP?
**** DONE [#A] Keith - Infertility:  

Anne is working a little bit on the clinical reasoning.  Gary, can you please see the note from Anne under the “testing” section of the clinical reasoning and work with her on finishing this up?

We made a slight alteration to Jerry’s new path activity.  Students will now be given some of the differentials which we felt were diseases that the students haven’t had yet.  I’ve also added a note to the CEs to ask them to simply walk the students through part I of this exercise.  Jerry, are the last two images in part II supposed to be marked up in the student guide as well?  If not, we need non-marked up versions.

**** DONE Keith - Teen pregnancy:  Anne is altering the clinical reasoning.  Students will be asked to interpret the urinalysis and give next steps.

**** DONE Paola - Fetal Death is in remarkably good shape.  We didn’t think any of the exercises needed to be altered.  Anne is altering the clinical reasoning and for now the plan is to duplicate what we are planning for Teen Pregnancy.  Identify a test, ask for interpretation and identify next steps.  We didn’t settle on a test, however, and suggestions about what to do about this section are welcome.

** Sexuality and Reproduction Administration Team; Location: 403 AAC, Small Conference Room <2019-08-06 Tue 14:00-14:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   BCF9EE57-5559-484B-BF3E-3D532E87FF26
:ID:       480CC4E2-47E7-4466-8B3C-DC8BA3B86247
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-07 Wed 09:16]
:END:
*** Ask Janice to populate small groups on web site
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-07 Wed 07:51] \\
  I think we're just going to populate as we go.
:END:
*** Joanna Williams Faculty Guide is ready to be posted.
*** Danesha - is the roles material on track?  Will it be reviewed?
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-07 Wed 07:52] \\
  Kind of yes and kind of no.  It sounds like the content is in.  But she hasn't been sending it out for review.  They're going to do this but its going to be close.  It all needs to be up by August 21
:END:
*** Danesha - Elif's material?
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-07 Wed 07:53] \\
  This is going to go into its own Entrada shell.  In the mean time there is a folder for BCS and Elif will set up subfolders for content that she considers to be of different types (i.e. the oral presentation WS will  be separate from some of the other introductory/general information material.
:END:
*** Paul Kent still on track?
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-07 Wed 07:55] \\
  Yes
:END:
*** Danseha - EBM - Evaluating Articles on treatment Session Materials?  Is this with the M1 content in both HDHR and S&R?
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-07 Wed 07:55] \\
  I told her this.
:END:
*** DONE Contact Anne and Rahul.  Set up a meeting to help out Danesha with the Practitioner material.  Apparently its a mess, especially the HDHR sessions.
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-07 Wed 07:57] \\
  Friday after the Core Sisciplines meeting at 3:30.  Danesha will use appear.in
- State "DONE"       from              [2019-08-07 Wed 07:57]
:END:
*** DONE [#A] Send Danesha the appear.in link for the meeting Friday
*** DONE [#A] Schedule the next Administrative team meeting
** Sexuality and Reproduction/Vital Fluids Administration Team Meeting; Location: AAC 403, Large Conference Room <2019-08-12 Mon 14:30-15:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   B7812A3E-A828-4A05-ABAC-3FC1400DFFAB
:ID:       E8560606-3C12-4F17-A661-D0AC4BE2F560
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-08-13 Tue 07:42] \\
  Danesha didn't show.  Will track her down today.
  
  Went through ToF with Princess and we are on the same page with the topics.  Will go over more this afternoon.
:END:
*** Find out from Danesha what's happening with BCS.  FU on Oral Presentaion workshop and whether that mateiral is ready to post.
*** How was the research course handled last year?  We're doing it the same?  Bill has tlalked about setting up an Entrada shell for it.
*** Ask Princess and Jeffrey about imaging topics for MI.  Is this actually practitioner or anatomy?  The folder is empty and I don't know who, if anyone, to bug.
*** FU:  Infertility Self-Study
** Sexuality and Reproduction/Vital Fluids Core Displines Meeting; Location: AAC 403, Large Conference Room <2019-08-16 Fri 14:30-15:30>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   AD3C00B0-46D6-4672-82FF-7C1D848324FB
:ID:       DF02EE8A-CAA0-4923-AABD-80F9D8408B77
:END:
*** From Paola [[message://%3c321c4e227f254d43ac9bd20c0c187926@RUPW-EXCHMAIL01.rush.edu%3E][RE: Update: Core Disciplines Meeting 7/26/19]]
For Fetal death are we talking about prenatal test? What about T21? Or we could do  GTT. Not sure if that is the idea
** Sexuality and Reproduction/Vital Fluids Core Displines Meeting; Location: AAC 403, Large Conference Room <2019-08-23 Fri 14:30-15:30>
*** Talk about renal vignettes at core discplines
*** Talk about moving the S&R meetings to Wednesday
* *Information:*
** Project planner's name is Jeffery
  [2018-06-14 Thu]
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NwV8XzK-6ZmTg6Is_SKJrVi1O_SkKuIW7RzDvFQnod8/edit?usp=sharing][Spreadsheet with assesment team assignments]]
  [2018-08-30 Thu]
** New program evaluation manager is "Anne"
** [[message://%3c9C86D54B-94C8-405D-AE61-E8CFA90A2BDA@rush.edu%3E][Assessment Challenge Link]]
[2018-09-28 Fri]
** [[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3659907/][Good review of hormoal changes associated with parturition.]]   I was asked why pogesterone goes down before parturition.  It looks like it isn't completely known but part of it is tht DHEA androgen feeds into the sythesis pathway past the progesterone.  So progesterone can go down while estrogen goes up.
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
* *Notes*
** Introduction to the block
*** Encourage students to seek out resources (i.e. me)
*** Show overview of block with topics
*** EBM
*** New terminology
**** Session Self-Study Questions
**** Session Quiz
**** Questions are NOT identical to Session Self-Study Questions
**** Quiz comes after the session not before and will include questoins from the session, itself
** [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jef-75wzKuROcX8RJlUKRjOnAoCLsjGTDK6uMQwWL-Y/edit][Sexuality and Reproduction Cases and Topics 2019]]
** Bob asked me about Q&A sessions for S&R.  I asked him to schedule these before the formative and summative
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   DD03FE33-8D60-4FF5-890E-172C29F8C36A
:ID:       7DB2C687-5917-4AF4-87BE-C02A2A47098B
:END:
** [[message://%3cac03ca1d1f41417db4bd2fae97e4d915@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][S&R BSci Topics Update]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   587425B6-6234-4F9A-9334-2E4BF4F7E0A3
:ID:       74AB191A-E8B3-49FD-AFE4-4A9E280EE85A
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-15 Mon 15:47] \\
  Talked to Jeffrey.  He's taking care of this stuff.  Follow up at the end of the week and see where we stand.
:END:
*** Women's Health is a problem.  Many of these topics are actually things like Advocate and Practitioner.
*** The physiology is correct as uploaded.  These topics need to be moved.
*** We need to ask Kristen about hers.
*** Pathophys:  I don't think Genital ulcers is the same as Syphillis.  I belive Syphyillis is a collaboration with Micro.

** [[message://%3cac03ca1d1f41417db4bd2fae97e4d915@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][S&R BSci Topics Update]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   CAE27409-3183-4D22-9EA0-49204CE6CD1A
:ID:       66B5FDA8-66A2-4AFD-B5A1-1138F671845D
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-15 Mon 15:47] \\
  Talked to Jeffrey.  He's taking care of this stuff.  Follow up at the end of the week and see where we stand.
:END:
*** Women's Health is a problem.  Many of these topics are actually things like Advocate and Practitioner.
*** The physiology is correct as uploaded.  These topics need to be moved.
*** We need to ask Kristen about hers.
*** Pathophys:  I don't think Genital ulcers is the same as Syphillis.  I belive Syphyillis is a collaboration with Micro.
** [[message://%3c4122654d37224a3a90e0ffc155545a1b@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Canvas Use]] :: Course Arc username and password but probably isn't consistent with terms of the license...
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   581633CA-3333-40CE-AD09-72D50510A2AD
:ID:       1D04B154-34AD-4A25-879B-91E8A50B3B4B
:END:

We do not have a license for Canvas. I am using the Free for Teacher version. You can sign up for it if you would like to test it out… https://www.instructure.com/canvas/try-canvas. You can add students to your course in Canvas and it won’t disappear.
 
I do want to note that the content for the summer self study guides is in a learning management system tool called CourseArc. This is where we placed all the self study material and created some interactive learning elements for the content.  CTEI has a license for CourseArc, however, it’s limited to the users in our department. We do have a general CTEI account that you are welcome to log in with…
https://rush.coursearc.com
CTEI@rush.edu – CTEI1234!
 
Students are not able to be added to CourseArc. If you would like for them to do the activities you create in CourseArc, you would need to add a link to the CourseArc course that you created within your Blackboard course OR create a free Canvas course for students to access the material in CourseArc. My suggestion is to use Blackboard since this is the learning management system Rush currently uses and the registrar’s office creates the course and enrolls students. You can easily embed a link to your CourseArc course in Blackboard.  You wouldn’t need to enroll any students as you will for Canvas. Also, if you link CourseArc to Blackboard, any graded activities you create in CourseArc will integrate into the Blackboard Grade Center.
 
If you need any help with this or have any questions, please let me know and I would be more than happy to help. 
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QJsELxU6JDczacguMrNoYrOYd7qAnA5mICM1_WJRCcM/edit?usp=sharing][Activity Team Assignments to M2 Cases 2018-2019]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   1CE30209-09D0-4D4C-BC1E-978C048F8753
:ID:       204D08DF-312C-4004-B212-52DE52763A81
:END:
** [[message://%3c0763E799-6332-4728-AE7D-A16F8B0A124E@rush.edu%3E][RMC: Deadlines for materials in 19/20]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   B17E8A89-ABBD-43F1-946B-81DC2B57334B
:ID:       03F7A469-390C-42D1-BA72-327FE654B52C
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-26 Fri 08:13] \\
  Deadlines for Vital Fluids added to calendar.
:END:
*** Add deadlines for Vital Gases to your calendar (they are in November).
SCHEDULED: <2019-10-01 Tue>
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i4Lh-fv9YPo1WG_s8ub6T6nOecHm1kXf/edit#gid=161600452][M1M2 2019-2020 6-7-19 Bob Version.xlsx - Google Sheets]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   90CB7324-4B1A-453F-98A5-F5476D2BE2C1
:ID:       47EA6AD2-5AFB-47FE-9273-5ECA841EF080
:END:

** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tML3uMmuiegkqghYKa8X8LF9hdG-WuazrqUMnpl2a4o/edit#gid=754097701][RMD 566 Assessment Blueprint AY19/20 - Google Sheets]]
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hcboK2i-BaiAQ-X5dT5atribwcXZdlo_eWlQuAT5z70/edit#gid=1556858314][AY19/20 Calendars_Official View Version - Google Sheets]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   311BBAF1-6EDB-4806-AD29-AE352BDCC55D
:ID:       FC0C469F-0FA4-486B-8840-DAADAE6D3828
:END:
** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x7n8pP0Nc2_b5jYsSqV92Zj1n83jLTjClBpqNhj5zPo/edit?ts=5d5c1e61#gid=2127619499][2019-2020 M1 & M2 Clinician Educator Sign-Up Sheet - Google Sheets]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   CEBD5275-301F-4A13-9412-08E2F6341260
:ID:       67D99949-31E7-4921-A29B-22119537694B
:END:

** [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/15QF8L6nGjqHqTbSURqxit32brUyDXZ4xtwadnzjhlPc/edit][Grading Rubric for RMD 566 Sexuality and Reproduction (2019-2020)_Traditional - Google Docs]]
** [[message://%3c619C9704-68AA-4CCD-951C-0AD6EDD47750@rush.edu%3E][Welcome to the Sexuality and Reproduction Block!]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   35A33864-1445-4DEC-80FB-4401C45CC940
:ID:       562F4B64-2AC5-47DD-9651-0F7EFDACA694
:END:


Hi, guys.

Welcome back!  I wanted to send this out to give you guys a little heads up in terms of preparation for our sessions next week and there after.

There are a few things that will be different this year so I made a video both to highlight them and to introduce you to the block as a whole.  I think this block is a little unique as medical school courses go.  In a good way.  :) Please feel free to double time your way through the video:

https://youtu.be/yLrVNzNcL3Y

Slides:  

Powerpoint https://www.dropbox.com/s/d3eyvh8am8bffxf/S%26R%20Introductory%20Video%202019-08-19.pptx?dl=0
PDF https://www.dropbox.com/s/wc2oht324y65uux/S%26R%20Introductory%20Video%202019-08-19.pdf?dl=0

The plan of study for this block starts on 8/26.  The content for the first case is up and ready and we hope to get all content for the entire block posted by the end of the day Wednesday 8/21.  The first case is a double case and the BSci session is the day after Labor Day.  Feel free to get started on it early if you wish.

See you soon.

Thomas Shannon
Department of Physiology & Biophysics
Rush University
1750 W. Harrison St.
Chicago, IL 60612

Office: 312-942-6754
tom_shannon@rush.edu
* *Tasks*
** DONE [#A] Re-categoized S&R objectives to Princess
** DONE [#A] Gary lessons videos
** DONE FU Gary
	[[message://%3c6F5ABFF7-493F-4911-81FC-ABE81CB3D45E@rush.edu%3E][Re: Women's Health Comments on 561 and 566]]
** DONE [#A] Move adrenal hyperplasia to Immunodeficiency in Life Cycle
	[[message://%3c1554235106120.6046@rush.edu%3E][Re: Check of Sexuality and Reproduction Topics for 2019]]
** DONE [#A] FU Mark on S&R topics
	[[message://%3cF4B17FD5-7ECD-41DE-BB61-460522A06967@rush.edu%3E][Re: Check of Sexuality and Reproduction Topics for 2019]]
** DONE [#A] FU histology in S&R topics
	[[message://%3c2316C8F4-3956-4790-9AF5-6227FE8670B4@rush.edu%3E][Re: Check of Sexuality and Reproduction Topics for 2019]]
wating on Bob on this.  He needs to move the lab
** DONE FU Mike on S&R topics
	[[message://%3c91744A68-6EA4-4C93-99FE-FF79E6B92405@rush.edu%3E][Re: Check of Sexuality and Reproduction Topics for 2019]]
** CANCELED Make Mark's changes to topics at the appropriate time
:LOGBOOK:
- State "CANCELED"   from "WAITING"    [2019-07-23 Tue 12:33] \\
  Never got a chance to do this because there still is no workload assessment and there still is no final version of the CI.  Princess is correcting on the fly.
:END:
	[[message://%3cUF4-4J7vWszdlK7u2RqnCA.0@notifications.google.com%3E][Sexuality and Reproduction Cases and Topics 2019]]
** DONE [#A] Convert the S&R cases to the latest format
<2019-05-23 Thu> Just finished PID.  Check student comments on this session.
** CANCELED FU Asked Bob to schedule Q&As for formative and summative in S&R
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   F46AAE14-ECD8-4FA1-B36A-0054C29C1B7B
:ID:       590F0378-3339-42FC-8B89-4347FD349FAB
:END:
** CANCELED Go through S&R calendar and identify topics that are inappropriate for the new space
	[[message://%3c50c3dc209dc84bffa8e958deb73e21f2@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][M1M2 Curriculum and new teaching space]]
Bob is meeting with the role leaders to ask about this.  The BSci sessions shouldn't be a problem.
** DONE [#A] Due:  S&R Topic Response - Physiology Due June 25
** DONE [#A] Talk to Jeffery about coordinator and new faculty guides
** FU: Gary on [[message://%3cF164F48A-6436-4AF9-B2CA-08641D983670@rush.edu%3E][Re: Want to try to film a video?]]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c1558463255853.40790@rush.edu%3E][Re: Want to try to film a video?]]
** DONE FU:Anne [[message://%3c1558730523412.63465@rush.edu%3E][Re: Sexuality and reproduction block]]


​I emailed Chris Coogan (the only urologist I remotely know) to see if he can help, or if he can find a resident to help.

Anne
** [#A] WAITING   Schedule rooms for Gary's video recording sessions [[message://%3cd690e70ab60748749f871e99b2f3f11f@RUPW-EXCHMAIL01.rush.edu%3E][scheduling video time]]
- Note taken on [2019-06-04 Tue 10:44] \\
  I'll have a better idea how much time we need for video recording    I've been able to protect time here in June as I mentioned I would do in order to do this study guide revision, and ppt revision, and prep for re-recording the videos.

  Can you look at your schedule for halfdays that I have blocked off later in June for just for this recording -
  June 20th, Thursday in the AM and
  June 21st, Friday in the PM, and
  June 24th, Monday in the AM.

  I realize the old presumed deadline of June 30 has been moved unfortunately to the 26th, but videos will be the last thing that we will have to do.
** DONE FU: Jeffery on tagging DDs on comments [[message://%3c1559578841367.38320@rush.edu%3E][Re: Edits to Carmen Gardner case]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-05 Wed>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   48F29338-C820-4B01-9F4D-C6B3352037CF
:ID:       9EA85211-56F4-4617-B521-5EBD1D401B2D
:END:
** DONE [#A] Talk to Adam about introductory embryo to M2s
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-07 Fri>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   053DA7E5-E8F3-4795-B90D-A3CCE3EF7039
:ID:       33CF4873-7999-4374-A4EF-3CB195D32029
:END:
- Note taken on [2019-06-09 Sun 07:11] \\
  Adam thought the M2s would consider this to be a waste of time becuase they already learned what's in it the hard way in their first year.
** DONE [#A] FU:Jeffery [[message://%3cBE64AB57-FE40-4B72-B6C2-3163390B0331@rush.edu%3E][Re: AY19/20 Content Folders]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-17 Mon>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   C67FF344-966E-49B4-85FC-ADD4E1336750
:ID:       213BC444-F905-4FF3-8626-437D989FF8BD
:END:

** DONE [#A] Text Gary about giving me permission to view and download his files for the  S&R self-study [[message://%3c000000000000110e69058c35356d@google.com%3E][sexuality and reprod_Loy - Invitation to collaborate]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-26 Wed>
** DONE [#A]  By pass Jeffrey and just do this.  Contact DDs/RLs and Keith [[message://%3cD5E6AF06-0CDF-43C6-AC53-4BD0DB57639E@rush.edu%3E][List of people who are late?]]

** DONE [[message://%3c84EB0578-9ECE-4A38-9591-EA443CFF1F53@rush.edu%3E][S&R Core Disciplines starting July 12]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   F3969308-5092-4672-944A-713105AFBF66
:ID:       F0D0634C-6DB9-44D3-B42E-62B95EA307EA
:END:


Hi, guys.

Now that our materials are in its time to start working on the faculty guides.  Next week is the fourth of July so I’m starting them the week after on Friday afternoon at 2:30.  This is half an hour later than when Mike was doing his for the BBC block so that Anne can make it.

Thanks,
Tom S.

** DONE [#A] Check folders to see who is still late with their materials. 
SCHEDULED: <2019-07-01 Mon>
*** DONE RMD 566 Advocate: 01 Sexual Assault and Patient Care in the Emergency Room (9/16/2019) and RMD 566 Advocate: 02 Trauma and Informed Care (9/23/2019)
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-02 Tue 13:27] \\
  No self-study for this.
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 13:15] \\
  Email sent.
:END:
*** DONE RMD 566: Professional: Medical Jurisprudence (AY19/20)
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 13:16] \\
  Email sent
:END:
*** DONE RMD 566: Research Session-7 Develop a Research Protocol (with Research Faculty) (AY19/20)
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-02 Tue 13:28] \\
  No self-study for this.
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 13:22] \\
  Email sent
:END:
*** DONE RMD 566 Pathophysiology: 02 Pelvic Inflammatory Disease (AY19/20)
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-02 Tue 13:28] \\
  Questions in.  All done.
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 14:21] \\
  Material is in.  Still waiting on self-study questions
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 13:22] \\
  Email sent
:END:
*** DONE RMD 566 Pharmacology: RMD 566 Pharmacology: 01 Abnormal Uterine Bleeding (AY19/20) 02 Pelvic Inflammatory Disease (AY19/20) 03 Infertility (AY19/20) 05 Fetal Death (AY19/20)
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 14:21] \\
  Mike needs to copy this over from last year.
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 13:24] \\
  Email sent.  I think this is done.  He just didn't upload it himself.  I'm going to ask him to do it.
:END:
** DONE [#A] Consider making some changes [[message://%3c5d491d9dd5ff4185909eb5d809dc803b@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][FW: 566 and 567 cases]]
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-01 Mon 13:56] \\
  I had already corrected the most egregious error in response to previous reviews.  As for the rest, I didn't think adding the suggested content would be appropriate for an introductory overview.
:END:

** DONE [#A] Review syllabus for S&R.  Its in the S&R folder on GD.
** DONE [#A]  Talk to Jeffrey and help Nadia out with this. [[message://%3ca06fe6207db64c96b5c56d3cdd1e8642@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Self-study material for sexuality and reproduction session?]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   EB7EE53E-301C-42DF-97B2-7AEAE7E4FD9B
:ID:       CE33801A-D2E0-405E-940B-873D733EC0FD
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-22 Mon 08:24] \\
  Jeffrey said that he thought she had turned it all in.
- State "DONE"       from "WAITING"    [2019-07-22 Mon 08:24]
:END:

** DONE Better call Gary about this if necessary. FU on it. [[message://%3ce7109812618f41fdbd894fbbfb752f0c@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Content for Dr. Loy]]

** DONE [#A] Talk to Denise about how they are handling titles of lessons in self-study
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   3B79B009-6DFD-4135-8D47-CF7634A3A1A0
:ID:       6C42A485-5C1B-4946-BA75-6666D00F73E0
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-18 Thu 09:21] \\
  She is using the file titles.  So that's what I'll use.
:END:
** DONE FU:  Danesha about Allocation of Resources on 9/11
*** DONE Allocation of Resources on 9/11 was an M2 session.  Make sure the content got moved.
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from              [2019-07-26 Fri 09:18]
:END:
** DONE [#A] Talk to Gabriella and tell her she isn't purposely being left out of anything in S&R. [[message://%3c82aac6f35f8240ca84c654e082dde119@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][biochem sharing responsibilities]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-07-25 Thu 08:15]
:END:

** TODO Work on a javascript page for concept map exercises
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   4250BFE1-8D73-4D4A-8454-4021216DB9AD
:ID:       AEC42176-DE99-4B3B-A499-1D06C1A2DCB0
:END:
** DONE [#A] Did the head-to-toe core physical exam self-study get put on GD?
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-29 Mon 08:06] \\
  Yes.
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-07-29 Mon 08:06]
:END:
** CANCELED [#A] Get back to Bill on [[message://%3c30a0909c69d748738f475f9e8a96e6a7@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Verifying faculty]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "CANCELED"   from "TODO"       [2019-08-16 Fri 10:20] \\
  Probably too late for this now.
:END:

** DONE [#A] Do this [[message://%3c1BB14A88-9BBA-41C7-A0D7-FA1406A00955@rush.edu%3E][RMD 566 S&R Assessment Blueprint]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-07-31 Wed 15:28]
:END:

** DONE [#A] Schedule another S&R administrative team meeting
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   73BE83A0-0D3E-45CE-9427-715555D74B53
:ID:       E704C21F-BCD4-4265-8145-7A5D3C1FD2AD
:END:
** TODO [[message://%3cF6B85EC6-7244-4D40-8143-F7718948590C@rush.edu%3E][Scholar Session]]

There is a session on 9/3 called "Intro to EBM”.  It appears to be online.  Its in black so I can't tell which class it applies to.  Is it M1 or M2?

** DONE Do this [[message://%3c1BB14A88-9BBA-41C7-A0D7-FA1406A00955@rush.edu%3E][RMD 566 S&R Assessment Blueprint]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-07-31 Wed 15:05]
:END:

** DONE [#A] Review Assessment Blueprint [[message://%3c9DCA58D6-284F-45AD-8EB4-1247E0CF7E3C@rush.edu%3E][RMD 566 Assessment Blueprint]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-07 Wed 11:34]
:END:


** DONE [#A] track down the Treatment self-study [[message://%3cB411440A-AAA8-4903-A7C9-7141BC92B191@rush.edu%3E][Re: EBM - Evaluating Articles on Harm]]
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-07 Wed 10:16]
:END:


I will be happy to upload anything you send me to the right spot.  Let me know how I can help.  Danesha can always help you as well.

I’ll track down the Treatment self-study.  It isn’t where I expected it to be but Jeffrey and I will take care of the issue.

Thanks,
Tom S.1
** DONE [#A] Workload Assessment due August 14 [[message://%3cc48a531bea904b23a470c322f2d85a46@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Course Workload Assessment and Course Director Response/Action Plan]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   848A774A-7B64-40C4-8DDC-B3820630AD30
:ID:       8FD31F9A-487B-477B-A4B2-42651068D123
:END:
** DONE Track down Danesha and find out what's going on with the roles sessions for S&R.
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   6B3CD169-8A98-4099-AA17-5F4F4EBD5153
:ID:       C2AB21D2-03BF-41C7-8F0B-7C61B5A11112
:END:
** DONE [#A] Help Janice with Genetics [[message://%3c692b8b3d6fe946b59153d620c5cb09b0@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][really need to meet]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   0E09908C-955A-4FB2-B19F-3E31BF236C30
:ID:       E52DF7B5-2371-4994-8D50-6CAF721FF0E0
:END:
** DONE [#A] Contact Carolyn about her quesitons on Formative and Summative
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "WAITING"    [2019-08-16 Fri 10:20]
- State "WAITING"    from "TODO"       [2019-08-15 Thu 09:07] \\
  She's done the formative but not the summative.
:END:
** DONE Write a question for S&R formative
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-15 Thu 09:21]
:END:
** DONE Ask Adam if S&R practical has enough questons
:LOGBOOK:
- State "DONE"       from "TODO"       [2019-08-15 Thu 09:21]
:END:
** WAITING [#A] Get back to Kelly on summative
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   D13B9334-4389-4D3F-8E3F-0EA544C0D860
:ID:       78748225-FD5C-4AD7-92AA-025DF999E885
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- State "WAITING"    from "TODO"       [2019-08-15 Thu 09:21] \\
  Waiting on Maria to give me the final number of questions.
:END:
** DONE [#A] Talk to Rahul
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   93F05CF3-0923-441F-A231-9E9CABD5B7C3
:ID:       D5408CBD-0634-4977-9962-4D55EE481806
:END:
- I want to meet with SS  reviewers
- I may need help with Carlynn Jones.  I don't think the genetics content has improved.
- Make deadlines earlier
**** Add two weeks this year
**** Make them earlier next year if you wnat reasonably big changes.
** TODO [#A] Get S&R Syllabus Up
* Archive
** DONE PROJECT Finalize schedule
***** BSci instead of CBCL
** DONE [[message://%3cc54cc12e18ba42b0bd625f93ffccf5ed@RUPW-EXCHMAIL01.rush.edu%3E][Mike Fill's table - pu t this into the notes]]
** DONE Meet with Gary Loy and talk about what he's going to teach when and how.
** DONE Email Carolynn Jones and see where she wants to move the genetics topics under cleft palette.
** DONE [#A] Reserve room for meeting with Deri and Anila_Bindal@rush.edu
*** DONE Make sure Bob is OK with cutting cleft palatte
** DONE Renal Handling of K-Ca-Phos
*** DONE [[/Users/tshanno/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Excel/Draft M1M2 2018-2019 option 3 2018-04-19.xlsx][Put anatomy and histology labs into excel spreadsheet]]
** DONE Email Mark Pool and make sure the changes we made to pathology were OK.
** DONE [[message://%3c352ED2C5-7953-4C0A-B3FF-7A7E0360C70C@rush.edu%3E][Complete S&R secure for anatomy and send to Bob L.]]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3cea8c8bfa686b4e03bc22e36c51184dd9@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Check Bob's version of the schedule against your own]]
** DONE [[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled%20By%20Folder/LaTeX/Control%20of%20Na%20and%20H2O%20Excretion/Control%20of%20Na%20and%20H2O%20Excretion%202018-05-17.tex][file:~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled By Folder/LaTeX/Control of Na and H2O Excretion/Control of Na and H2O Excretion 2018-05-17.tex]]
*** [[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled%20By%20Folder/LaTeX/Renal%20Handling%20of%20K-Ca-Phos/Renal%20Handling%20of%20K-Ca-Phos%202018-05-21.tex][file:~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled By Folder/LaTeX/Renal Handling of K-Ca-Phos/Renal Handling of K-Ca-Phos 2018-05-21.tex]]
** DONE PowerPoint file
*** * [[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled%20By%20Folder/LaTeX/Renal%20Handling%20of%20K-Ca-Phos/Renal%20Handling%20of%20K-Ca-Phos%202018-05-21.tex::\subsection{Effects%20of%20Diuretics}][file:~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled By Folder/LaTeX/Renal Handling of K-Ca-Phos/Renal Handling of K-Ca-Phos 2018-05-21.tex::\subsection{Effects of Diuretics}]]
[[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/PowerPoint/Renal%20Handling%20of%20K-Ca-Phos%202018-05-21.pptx][file:~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/PowerPoint/Renal Handling of K-Ca-Phos 2018-05-21.pptx]]
** DONE Renal Acid-BAse:  Stopped at Handling of Excess base
** DONE Prepare Sexuality and Reproduction Block to recieve materials from discipline directors
  [[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled%20By%20Folder/LaTeX/Renal%20Handling%20of%20Acid-Base/Renal%20Handling%20of%20Acid-Base%202018-05-24.tex::When%20there%20is%20excess%20HCO\textsubscript{3}\textsuperscript{-}%20present,][file:~/Library/Mobile Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/zFiled By Folder/LaTeX/Renal Handling of Acid-Base/Renal Handling of Acid-Base 2018-05-24.tex::When there is excess HCO\textsubscript{3}\textsuperscript{-} present,]]
** DONE [[message://%3c1527003813305.36712@rush.edu%3E][Put attendings into the master case list once schedule is finalized.]]
** DONE Update the master case sheet once the calendar is finalized :sexuality_:sexuality_and_reproduction:vital_fluids:
** DONE Schedule Pathpys WSs with BOb.
*** DONE Prepare a spreadsheet with due dates and other information like Adam's
**** [[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tFcruVZrNRKannO3-yeormPMtdlj-d9RMqUmjXxDhNY/edit#gid=1775291177][S&R Case Completion Checklist]]
**** [[message://%3c55ab771d05fa4178a8eedfdfbc068392@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Email about preparing material from Adam and M & M Case Completion Checklist]]
**** DONE Enter topics
**** DONE Enter due dates for topics
**** DONE Enter number of IRAT questions per topic
**** DONE Enter number of Formative quesitons per topic
**** DONE Prepare folders CBCL for materials
*** DONE Make the RA document
*** DONE Make the Mastery Questions (with answers) documents
*** DONE Make the Mastery Questions (student version) documents
** DONE Email Role Leaders about sheet and due dates
*** DONE Make the Objectives Documents
*** DONE Email Disipline Directors about sheet and due dates
** DONE Enter formative breakdowns into spreadsheet once the CS sessions are finalized.
SCHEDULED: <2018-07-11 Wed>
** DONE Enter final exam breakdown into spreadsheet once CS sessons are finalized
SCHEDULED: <2018-07-11 Wed>
** DONE Enter number of final exam questions needed from each discipline into spreadsheet after CS sessions are finalized
** DONE Prepare folders CS for materials
SCHEDULED: <2018-06-22 Fri>
** DONE Ask Bob about CS sessions.  He should have them planned by now.
SCHEDULED: <2018-06-22 Fri>
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C9CC899CB-9638-46DF-8403-3461F3CDE341@rush.edu%3E][Make activities for CE Boot Camp]]
SCHEDULED: <2018-06-22 Fri>
  [2018-06-14 Thu]
** DONE [[message://%3c1529424213435.7159@rush.edu%3E][Look at AKI vignettes]]
SCHEDULED: <2018-06-25 Wed>
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3CptsZr6yMNqq8hvKajami4A.0@notifications.google.com%3E][Take a look at Anne's changes]]
  [2018-06-19 Tue]
** DONE present topic to students to show front loading
SCHEDULED: <2018-06-19 Tue>
  [2018-06-19 Tue]
** CANCELED https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/89088/how-to-embed-video-and-animation-in-latex-and-latex-beamer-step-by-step#195828
<2018-08-15 Wed>
** DONE [[message://%3ca5a05d73974347189163e136e7ab6059@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Talk to Lisa about student guide]]
*** study schedule
*** message://%3ca5a05d73974347189163e136e7ab6059@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E
** DONE Prepare rubric for sexuality and reproduction
*** Wilson style cover page
  [2018-06-28 Thu]
:PROPERTIES:
:ORDERED:  t
:END:
*** DONE Email information for rubric to Mark
**** DONE Email Adam and see how much he thinks anatomy should cout towards grade
***** DONE Count labs
**** DONE Count CS sessions and CBCL sessions (i.e. RAs)
***** CS 5
***** CBCL 9
**** DONE Count formatives: 2
*** DONE Prepare preliminary version with Mark
*** Send preliminary verision to Adam and Lis afor inclusion in pre-clerkship agenda
** DONE Make sure discussion board is up and running for S&R
** DONE [[message://%3c1D51163D-9B9C-4DCF-B14B-973758F074EC@rush.edu%3E][Talk about how to handle CE meetings at course director's meeting July 12]]
<2018-07-12 Thu>
** DONE Make a list of topics for overview video for S%R.
  <2018-07-16 Fri>
*** Discussion board
*** Office hours
*** DONE [#A] Topic list (update this)
*** How to arrange materials like pdfs to customize studying?
  <2018-07-31>
*** New names (BSci session, Roles Session, Session Self-Study Questions, Session Quizzes)
*** Pre-brief
*** moved quiz
*** team circles
*** EBM
*** attendance policy
*** Service Learning
** DONE Talk about how to handle lunches at block admin meeting <2018-07-12 Thu>
*** BSci on Tuesday-Friday and Roles on Monday
*** student’s will no longer be in their same dissection groups and will change donors for anatomy labs
** DONE [[message://%3c23c4f392af6342939423584304c87466@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][FU to make sure Syllabus got posted]] <2018-08-28 Tue>
  [2018-07-25 Wed]
** DONE You need to make sure that the programs are going to appear in the menu for the students.  If not, you need to upload instructions for download and installation. <2018-09-05>
  [2018-08-01 Wed]
** DONE [[message://%3c35F61397-2E90-4B45-9160-A3A9C3F57F96@rush.edu%3E][Set up pre-meeting with Gary]]
  [2018-08-10 Fri]
** DONE [[message://%3cbejMReKo9ak5FhGtH6YNkQ.0@notifications.google.com%3E][Alter CKD Concept Map]]
  [2018-08-10 Fri]
** DONE [[message://%3c46F9A581-F5E6-4314-BD3D-6EF8F57FBD7E@rush.edu%3E][Get the mastery quesiotns done for S&R]]
  [2018-08-10 Fri]
** [[message://%3c8f5cd90f4bed4f429772cd48291b4c35@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Put EBM into plan after formative 2, REMIND STUDENTS THAT THEY NEED TO DO IT]] [2018-10-10 Wed]
  [2018-08-17 Fri]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c842202d322fa4d1fa776e463e69d653e@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Syllabus]]
[2018-08-17 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Transfer activities to faculty guide
  [2018-08-25 Sat]
** DONE [#A] Schedule COre Discipline meeting for next week
  [2018-08-25 Sat]
** DONE [#A] Try to get a key from Joy
** Schedule a room for Spetember 18 lunch <2018-09-04 Tue>
** CANCELED [[message://%3C3f15cc08870e40eab5d5e2e96c3cb210@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][URL to request an excused abscense]]
  [2018-08-25 Sat]
** DONE [#A] Notify students that:
  [2018-08-28 Tue]
*** Waiting on Bob to tell me if this is in the syllabus.  If not I will put it in and repost.  Either way, this eventually becomes a reference item for the future.
** DONE [#A] Send Report on what was decided at Core Discplines meeting and on related action items.
*** Urinalysis has been posted
*** Mark's Urinary Casts has been posted
*** Shared Decision MAking has been cnaceled and they can ignore this on their plan of study
*** The BCS Orientation Materials are posted and they need to go through it.  I have altered the AKI Plan of Study
*** Links to plan of study and course blue print
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C1535579861349.71030@rush.edu%3E][Post link to Plan of Study]]
*** 1094 on Saturdays
*** Renal Calculations Program
** DONE [#A] put session dates into your calendar
  [2018-08-30 Thu]
** DONE alter plan of study.  GEt rid of decision makeing and add BCS orientation.
[2018-08-30 Thu]
** Jeffrey: Do we have to post materials for these? <2018-09-04 Tue>
[2018-08-30 Thu]
*** M2 Mask Fit
*** M2 MST Session
*** M2 CBSSA
*** EPIC/HIPAA and Confidentiality - no self-study but in class material and assessment
** DONE [#A] Review formative procedure with Bob.  review at what time? :Bob_Leven:
*** USMLE Application
*** EPIC2 - Feedback - no self-study but in class material and assessment
** DONE Remind DDs about formative and review <2018-09-19>
** DONE Let discipline directors and role eleasers know when and where review sessions before formatives and final <2018-10-01 Mon>
** Remind students about EBM on October 11 after formative <2018-10-11 Thu>
** DONE Ask Judith to include Zoom link in invite.
  [2018-09-04 Tue]
** DONE [[message://%3C0DBC8A6C-BD21-47BF-96EF-2A6D5A8F9C3C@rush.edu%3E][Remove this student the next time you send out an announcement.  Better chack for others while you are at it.]]
  [2018-09-05 Wed]
** [[message://%3C86c30f9b6b4e45bdbb9f264d72f974e2@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Content Review Tracking Sheets]]
  [2018-09-05 Wed]
** Tell DDs abt room for 9/19 <2018-09-12>
  [2018-09-05 Wed]
** DONE Talk to Denise about scheduling review sessions
  [2018-09-10 Mon]
** DONE FU Denise on review session rooms <2018-09-17>
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3CF127DC5D-7959-425B-99B0-F1707605594F@rush.edu%3E][When you post the BCS announcement, mention the live study plan link as well]]
  [2018-09-11 Tue]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C8E11F820-340F-4A2C-8EBA-082165029086@rush.edu%3E][Get a subsection made for BCS]]
  [2018-09-11 Tue]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C8E11F820-340F-4A2C-8EBA-082165029086@rush.edu%3E][Get an announcemnt posted for BCS]]
  [2018-09-11 Tue]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C8E11F820-340F-4A2C-8EBA-082165029086@rush.edu%3E][Get materials posted for BCS]]
  [2018-09-11 Tue]
** FU Mark on Makeup dates <2018-09-17 Mon>
** CANCELED [[message://%3CBD94A2D3-D047-4953-A634-90E7FBF545C9@rush.edu%3E][Watch Elif's video]]
  [2018-09-12 Wed]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C58dabae9147a494bbf561a16f17e72d0@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Look at BCS written materials after viewing the video]]
  [2018-09-12 Wed]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C1A26E7F1-7C35-4ACA-AEA4-6080B2B9808D@rush.edu%3E][Add information to faculty guides]]
  [2018-09-12 Wed]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C1536717644071.37907@rush.edu%3E][Add BCS to plan of study?]]
  [2018-09-12 Wed]
** DONE [#A] Send out invites to student lunch
  [2018-09-12 Wed]
** DONE Talk to Maureen about an October date for student lunch
** DONE 10 questions for formative due tomorrow <2018-09-17 Mon>
** DONE Set up appt with Jeffery, Danesha, and Denise <2018-10-18>
  [2018-09-14 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Send out updates to DDs
  [2018-09-14 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Post breakdown of formative for students <2018-09-21>
  [2018-09-14 Fri]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3C0EDB202A-B3A1-4656-8F84-06FEC42BF6F9@rush.edu%3E][Double check formative 1 breakdown]]
  [2018-09-14 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Invite students to lunch
  [2018-09-14 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Send Status Report - CHANGE SYED'S EMAIL BEFORE YOU SEND THIS.
  [2018-09-14 Fri]
** DONE Make students aware of room change for Saturday sessions after the 22nd <2018-09-24 Mon>
  [2018-09-17 Mon]
** DONE talk to Anne abt editting Word file of faculty guides
  [2018-09-17 Mon]
** [[file:/ssh:bearin8@bearingthenews.com#2222:/home/bearin8/Org/sexuality%20and%20reproduction.org::*FYI%20Formative%20is%20on%209/26.%20We%20have%20review%20sessions%20on%209/24%20(11%20and%201)][FYI Formative is on 9/26.  We have review sessions on 9/24 (11 and 1)]]
** DONE [#A] Reserve room for lunch on October 15th.
  [2018-09-17 Mon]
** DONE FU Joanna on formative questions <2018-09-20 Thu>
  [2018-09-19 Wed]
** DONE Check to see if you got the small conference room on Monday morning. <2018-10-01>
** DONE [#A] Email everyone about review session on Monday.  Let them know how you are going to handle it.
  [2018-09-20 Thu]
** DONE [[message://%3c38f15726-d7df-4888-b595-e276738a2d4c@RUDWV-EXCHEG001.dmz.rush.edu%3E][Arrange for Oactober student lunch.  Note room change]]
  [2018-09-20 Thu]
** DONE [#A] Post review videos
  [2018-09-20 Thu]
** DONE [#A] Post formative breakdown
  [2018-09-21 Fri]
** To Anne:  OK.  Thanks.  I plan to email the students/post an announcement with a bunch of stuff about the formative and I’ll include all of this in it (I’ll remember to copy you this time).  It will probably get done tonight or tomorrow.
  [2018-09-21 Fri]
** DONE [#A] post fetal death powerpoints
  [2018-09-21 Fri]
** [#A] Send Status Report - CHANGE SYED'S EMAIL BEFORE YOU SEND THIS.
  [2018-09-21 Fri]
** DONE given the compensatory formulae and normal electrolytes
  [2018-09-21 Fri]
** DONE breakdown
  [2018-09-21 Fri]
** DONE Davenport on exam
  [2018-09-21 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Do something with the objecties for Princess
  [2018-09-22 Sat]
** DONE [[message://%3c1537536614023.22927@rush.edu%3E][Send this to Syed after formative]] <2018-09-27 Thu>
  [2018-09-23 Sun]
** DONE [[message://%3c44820C6D-C0A7-4D1D-ACCA-43F549FBB398@rush.edu%3E][Infertility and Teen Pregnancy course notes volumes?]]
  [2018-09-23 Sun]
** DONE [[message://%3cFB29FDF2-523A-48D1-A6FD-CDE98681A96C@northpark.edu%3E][Give eith the Step 1 book]]  [2018-09-24 Mon]
** [#A] Send Report on what was decided at Core Discplines meeting and on related action items.
  [2018-09-27 Thu]
** [[message://%3c825dc3f3b89e4db593cea23b645b182c@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][FU Denise on rescheduling this.]] <2018-10-01 Mon>
  [2018-09-28 Fri]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c201809280913.w8S9D3Z5024728@ruduv-entapp001.rush.edu%3E][Correct questions from S&R formative 1]]
  [2018-09-28 Fri]
** DONE [#A] FU on free water question
  [2018-09-29 Sat]
** DONE [#A] recheck review sessions and make sure you can make maureen's sessiOns.  Send invites.
  [2018-09-29 Sat]
** DONE Bring up review scheduling at 9am
  [2018-10-01 Mon]
** DONE email DDs about Friday quiz
  [2018-10-01 Mon]
** DONE u review session
  [2018-10-01 Mon]
** DONE [#A] Let Maureen knw abotu Quiz as soon as its settled.
  [2018-10-01 Mon]
** DONE [#A] FU Shay on item 13525.  Make sure this caculation quesiton got dropped.
  [2018-10-01 Mon]
** DONE [#A] Finalize teen pregnancy
  [2018-10-01 Mon]
** DONE send tomorrow's rooms to Gary
  [2018-10-01 Mon]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3cb5d1898a9cee4bb4895a6a108d9861e2@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Enter the formative items into Shay's spreadsheet]]
  [2018-10-03 Wed]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3cb5d1898a9cee4bb4895a6a108d9861e2@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Enter the final exam items into Shay's spreadsheet]]
  [2018-10-03 Wed]
** DONE [#A] email to students about formative 2
  [2018-10-05 Fri]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3cFF05FA9E-DFF8-4B00-A42C-89D415B05755@rush.edu%3E][Add rationales and tags to assessment quesitons]]
  [2018-10-05 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Look over formative 2 and make sure it looks OK
  [2018-10-05 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Post answers to genetics and pharm quesions.
  [2018-10-05 Fri]
** DONE [#A] Remind DVDs about summative exam questions on Monday at 9 AM <2018-10-08 Mon>
** DONE [#A] Check room for S&R meeting tomorrow
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
** DONE [#A] Add categories and rationales to summative questions
  [2018-10-08 Mon]
** DONE Review video for teen pregnancy and fetal death
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
  [[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Emacs/Org/dehydration.org::*Review%20video%20for%20dehydration][Review video for dehydration]]
** DONE [#A] Invite students to lunch
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
** DONE [#A] Order pizza <2018-10-11 Thu>
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
** DONE [#A] More on inhibin <2019-02-28 Thu>
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
** Email breakdown for summative
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
** Notify students about Mikes self-study answers and gary's material.  Remember EBM.
  [2018-10-09 Tue]
  [[file:~/Library/Mobile%20Documents/com~apple~CloudDocs/Emacs/Org/aortic%20stenosis.org::*Add%20increased%20HR%20to%20concept%20mapa%20nd%20fix%20Mike's%20drugs][Add increased HR to concept mapa nd fix Mike's drugs]]
** DONE Make sure the fetal death student guide went up.  NOt up as of 10/10. <2018-10-11 Thu>
  [2018-10-10 Wed]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c5652F1E4-6FB1-4E9E-9E63-0CE1197139B0@rush.edu%3E][Assessment performace Reviews for meeting 10/11/18]]
  [2018-10-11 Thu]
** Send Report on what was decided at Core Discplines meeting and on related action items. <2018-10-12 Fri>
  [2018-10-11 Thu]
** DONE [#A] Email to students about summative exam
*** Women's Health Self-study
*** Answers to pharmacology self-study questions
*** EBM
*** summative breakdown
*** review in 994A on Wednesday at 9AM
*** Gary at review and will give practice questions?
** DONE Ask Mike about 13805 - no longer using categories?
  [2018-10-12 Fri]
** DONE 5137 Did mike have this in a self-study
  [2018-10-12 Fri]
** DONE [[message://%3cCB002D88-A152-43CD-8719-0BA3E15F3733@rush.edu%3E][FU Najia on EBM]] <2018-10-15 Mon>
*** should we just use the HDHR questons?
*** IS the EBM for VF available?
  [2018-10-13 Sat]
** DONE [[message://%3c1539364775580.89401@rush.edu%3E][FU Gary on contraception chart]] <2018-10-15 Mon>
  [2018-10-13 Sat]
** DONE [[message://%3cCE456FF8-8978-44A4-9551-E9F32C9F4142@rush.edu%3E][Talk to Shay about what is going on with genetics]] <2018-10-18 Mon>
  [2018-10-13 Sat]
** DONE [[message://%3cDF0345F9-A1AC-4053-BE2F-9C5CCBA0ECBF@rush.edu%3E][FU Gary on chart]] <2018-10-15 Mon>
  [2018-10-13 Sat]
** DONE [[message://%3c1539437629417.44003@rush.edu%3E][FU Gary on this chart]]
  [2018-10-14 Sun]
** DONE [[message://%3cb73b06a6eb2a4a04bc66cc3f12a6d6d1@RUDW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Get back to this student]]
  [2018-10-16 Tue]
** DONE Check adn see if Gary and Mark got thier quesitons in.  <2018-10-18>
  [2018-10-16 Tue]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c1539889194112.98366@rush.edu%3E][FU Edwin]]
   [2018-10-19 Fri]
** DONE [[message://%3c1539904063648.72154@rush.edu%3E][FU Paul]] <2018-10-22 Sat>
   [2018-10-19 Fri]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3cC2893C5E-1E79-4D33-9801-666EBD17E891@rush.edu%3E][Check and make sure that the answers to these were mentioned on video.]]
   [2018-10-21 Sun]
** DONE [#A] Make a slide for the exam review
** DONE [[message://%3c2517BA86-CCB7-464A-B34E-DBA172330CB3@rush.edu%3E][FU Najia on challenge]] <2018-11-01 Thu>
   [2018-10-31 Wed]
** DONE [[message://%3c171C17B6-458A-4EBF-A076-272B9CC87510@rush.edu%3E][FU Joanna on challenge]] <2018-11-09 Fri>
   [2018-11-06 Tue]
** DONE [#A] Ask Anne to give you a paper report
   [2018-11-08 Thu]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c904A8A0A-5948-4661-9172-4D2443DDF7E0@rush.edu%3E][Take a look at S&R final grades]]
   [2018-11-13 Tue]
** DONE [#A] [[message://%3c1B635A85-75A3-49AE-8746-BBE2EB89B69E@rush.edu%3E][Send out course eval]]
  [2018-11-21 Wed]
** DONE [[message://%3ca3d8ce0fffb544f1885ce7d9ff1c4de0@RUDW-EXCHMAIL01.rush.edu%3E][See if Maestro is up, then contact Jim,]]
   [2018-11-28 Wed]
