* *Tasks*
** DONE [#A] FU: Jeffery on tagging DDs on comments [[message://%3c1559578841367.38320@rush.edu%3E][Re: Edits to Carmen Gardner case]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-05 Wed>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   48F29338-C820-4B01-9F4D-C6B3352037CF
:ID:       3C97C98F-C3BD-4094-AD79-C2C3C1B8BFDB
:END:
** DONE [#A] FU:Jeffery [[message://%3cF758DFAE-271C-4A41-B357-C26C3298A33F@rush.edu%3E][Re: Edits to Carmen Gardner case ]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-17 Mon>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   C05F06BF-95E9-4229-99B0-D41770C08836
:ID:       22E3BFEC-0FD6-4395-8ADB-AAA5DBA0F8FB
:END:

** DONE FU:Jeffery [[message://%3cBE64AB57-FE40-4B72-B6C2-3163390B0331@rush.edu%3E][Re: AY19/20 Content Folders]]
SCHEDULED: <2019-06-19 Wed>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   C67FF344-966E-49B4-85FC-ADD4E1336750
:ID:       584C78E5-7AFE-43D6-9505-9E913889CFD5
:END:

** DONE [#A]  Talk to Jeffrey and help Nadia out with this. [[message://%3ca06fe6207db64c96b5c56d3cdd1e8642@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][RE: Self-study material for sexuality and reproduction session?]]
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   EB7EE53E-301C-42DF-97B2-7AEAE7E4FD9B
:ID:       17BEB0FC-13C6-4AC6-856D-586EF5CC6E8F
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2019-07-22 Mon 08:24] \\
  Jeffrey said that he thought she had turned it all in.
- State "DONE"       from "WAITING"    [2019-07-22 Mon 08:24]
:END:

** DONE [#A] Schedule another S&R administrative team meeting
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   73BE83A0-0D3E-45CE-9427-715555D74B53
:ID:       EF722448-DCD1-49F7-A7DA-8B6426FC9EB4
:END:
* *Ticklers*
** FU on [[message://%3c12756d841057479990867c60fc095f5e@RUPW-EXCHMAIL02.rush.edu%3E][Kelsey Spencer: Review]] for Self-Study
SCHEDULED: <2019-08-09 Fri>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   3314CB8C-CEBD-431D-8A5D-44C3AE8BFCEA
:ID:       3F59122D-8461-4E93-AFA0-6E8F8D2A004B
:END:

* *Meetings*
** Sexuality and Reproduction/Vital Fluids Administration Team Meeting; Location: AAC 403, Large Conference Room <2019-08-12 Mon 14:30-15:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:SYNCID:   B7812A3E-A828-4A05-ABAC-3FC1400DFFAB
:ID:       69AB112F-04A9-4B60-B4C6-B899026BC887
:END:
*** Find out from Danesha what's happening with BCS.  FU on Oral Presentaion workshop and whether that mateiral is ready to post.
*** How was the research course handled last year?  We're doing it the same?  Bill has tlalked about setting up an Entrada shell for it.
* *Notes*
